Charlie evidence is that since the teacher that once you blow into a balloon that it will go into all different types of ways.
He could tell people how spread out and how the physics work.
If the balloon grows bigger in all directions that means that gas expands in all directions.
Charlie can say that like a balloon, air particles in the box will spread out after time passes.
Charlie might say that all the bubbles in soda are actually at the top so all the particles are also at the top.
Charlie may use the evidence of the ballon growing bigger to support his claim because the balloon grows bigger and spreads out, just like the particles in his box.
Charlie might use any of this evidence because he could argue that the pressure of the soda bottle is the only reason they go up. This could also be because they want to expand but can't in their confinement to they go up.
The bubbles in soda first settle at the sides of the bottle or glass, they also look like Charlie photo when rising to the top. The ballon shows that the air is like that because while blowing up a balloon, it expands on all sides, not just one.
When you blow air into a container they go all around.
water is much denser than air so the air will be pushed up by the water.
If Charlie blows up a balloon with gas he could say that the gas particles are expanding in the balloon and are spreading out and that would happen to the gas particles as well in his drawing.
Air is a type of gas so is air goes everywhere than gas will go everywhere.
He could use the one about the balloon.
Charlie might say that the air in the balloon is like the space in the container, therefore it will expand throughout the container.
The air particles being pushed through a balloon represents the gas bubbles be pushed around, as Charlie shows that the particles move.
he could use it too explain that like a balloon; all the particles spread out.
Charlie could use this as evidence because he could say that if you put a certain amount of gas in the box the box could explode because of how much air is in it. In which case the gas is spread out.
because the when you blow air into a balloon, it will grow at all directions, than it mean the air is going all directions, that is why the gas are all around the container. 
Sam explained soda bubbles as a case, but when looking at soda in a glass it turns out that there are many bubbles on the side of the glass.It can be said that the gas bubbles are scattered in all directions.
By giving an example of something related to this with gas.
His claim means bubbles areall over the place.
think about bubble gum because when u blow in it it gets bigger and it creates more space inside.
When you blow or pump air into a balloon, the air evenly spreads out making the balloon grow. If the air in the balloon goes up, then the balloon should start stretching from the top not through all the sides.
When you blow a balloon Gas particles separate, all going in different directions. Meaning that after a minute the Gas particles will float away from each other, and they will not stay together.
They spread out like a balloon when u blow air into it that why the balloon gets bigger.
he could that what it looks like when you blow air into a balloon.
He could use the fact that when you put gas particles in a balloon it expands on all sides, so when gas particles are put in a box they don't just head in one direction, but in all.
That his gas will expand and not float up all together.
that since the gas is big it goes everywere.
Charlie could use this evidence by saying that gas particles spread out when more gas is put into the item.
the only way the bubbles will fill the whole container is if it had many more particles than it shows in the picture.
The evidence he can use is the balloon one.
Charlie might use one of these examples to support his claims because one of the examples support his claim.
Show how the air in a balloon will grow bigger in all directions.
charlie could say that the bubbles in soda only go to the top because there is no air at the bottom of the bottle because of the liquid.
Charlie might use the evidence about how you blow into a balloon the molecules expand everywhere to support his claim about how the molecules are all around the container.
Charlie might use this evidence in 2 ways. The first being that the particles would spread out to make an even balloon, and second that in a soda the particles will go up only so the air could try to be released so it would make the fizz. Otherwise in an open space the particles would like to spread out as far as possible.
Charlie will us the evidence that when you blow up a balloon the balloon expands in all directions to prove his claim by stating that when air is in a closed box it should spread out like it did in the balloon.
Charlie could use this information to support his claim by saying that the gas particles only float when it is in a denser substance than gas and the balloon expands because the gas particles take up the space.
The air particle in a balloon are moving around to bow it up so it could be the same idea in a box.
Charlie could use only one piece of evidence which is the one where the gas particles in a balloon are all around when blown into (Sam drawing only has the particles on the top, which wouldn't help Charlie).
Charlie will use the evidence of gas particles flying everywhere and use a balloon as an example.
Because the particles have to go to the middle before they go to the top.
He can also back up his claim by giving evidence to the claim when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
Charlie will use the evidence that when you blow into a balloon, the Carbon causes the balloon to expand as his evidence to explain that the gas is all around the container.
he can use the balloon to show how it needs to spread to fill empty matter.
When the balloon is getting larger and larger you or a machine blows air into a compacted space and the particles expand through the balloon.
he can say that the partilcez are all spread.
The air balloon because it expands in all directions, like his drawing.
Since a container has a lot of empty space inside more air particles are going to be spread.
If the box is filled with air, then the particles will scatter in all directions because in a balloon the air expands in all directions.
The particles are around the container because the air in that container needs to be in the same amount.
they are all around.
Charlie might use the second piece of information to prove particles go in all directions just like the air in a balloon.
The gas particles will fly to everywhere.
Charlie also might recite the question.
Charlie might use this evidence in his explanation of why he thinks the gas particles spread out in the box.
The particles will spread apart frtom one another just like how air spreads everywhere in a ballon.
Gas has room to move.
Charlie might be also right he can try blowing a balloon to convince hes right.
Charlie might use the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" as an example to support his claim and to prove that Sam contrasting claim is incorrect due to this fact.
in a water bottle all the particles spread out and fill the spaces in the water bottle.
I think the particle will spread all over the balloon.
He use that because he want observed and to clarify he correct what he thinking.
Previously mentioned, the balloon grows bigger in all directions when you blow air into it (gas into it), therefore gas should move in all directions.
Charlie will use this evidence to prove that gas particles will bounce around all over a container.
He might explain his claim saying that the air in a balloon spreads in different directions just like the gas in a box after a minute.
If the bubbles in the balloon are trying to escape the balloon but cant and cause the balloon to be bigger then what can it do to the box. since the bubbles cant expand the box they are just trying to find the one way they can escape so they are floating everywhere.
When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. So why wouldn't that be the same for this case.
Charlie is like the gas will not separate they're can stand together.
because the gass would still move out but only up.
Charlie might use the balloon and air example to support his claim that the particles will evenly disperse because the air particles beings blown into the balloon do not all go to the exact same spot, but spread around the balloon effectively blowing up the entire thing evenly, not just n one place. 
Because the balloon does go into all directions.
The particles are all around the container due to nothing in its way so its gonna keep bouncing off the sides of the container.
  an Charlies drawing, It shows they are all directions, which supports his claim.         
Charlie can claim that because the blowing of a balloon spreads out the gas particles, the box could spread out the gas particles.
As the balloon was being blown, the gas particles reached out in all directions, spreading the gas particles.
Charlie might use any of the evidence because, when the gas particles move apart, some move up.
The balloon example.
He might use the evidence when you blow air into a balloon the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
He can also support his claim because it proves his evidence is right.
That the particles are supposed to be all around.
Charlie can use the second piece of evidence to support his claim because the piece of evidence shows the the gas particles in a balloon, are similar to gas particles in a box. He can use the first piece of evidence because it shows gas particles in soda. Soda is a liquid, it does not have the same environmental factors compared to a balloon and a box, which are empty spaces. There is also nothing else in a balloon and a box except gas particles, but in a soda bottle, there is a liquid substance and gas particles.
Charlie will use this evidence to tell how they react like that and relate it.
Charlie says that when you blow into a balloon, the balloon expands on all sides. This should also happen when inside a box.
The particles spread out in many different directions just like how the ones in the balloon did.
He could also you a comparison too but with balloons and the gas spreading out.
she could use it because they have things that are similar.
he can say the if you blow a balloon the gas particles will make the balloon bigger.
beuces he did this one right.
I think that he will write what I putted in the last page.
Charlie can one piece of evidence can support her claim because he says in his drawing that they spread out from each other. Evidence used in this is that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows in all directions.
He might say that when you blow a balloon up the air particles are everywhere inside the balloon not just at the top or the bottom.
some of the particles were above some particles so they could've ended up in different spots.
He might use it because it talks about how the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
Charlie might use this information because it will support his claim.
well, only the evidence given to him works.
he might state that if the particles we blow into the balloon go every where to blow it up why would these be any diffrent then the ones in the container.
Charlie might use this evidence as in a balloon particles fly all over the place, but in addition some of these particle go the top just like in a soda. 
Because air particles spread evenly in a balloon they would do the same in container.
He would use the second piece of evidence to show how air mixes with other air.
 - he can say that because it says -When you BLOW AIR into a balloon, the balloon GROWS BIGGER IN ALL DIRECTIONS- 
He could say that when you blow are into a balloon, it goes in all directions and when gas bubbles float to the top, they probably spread out before reaching the top.
He might have tried blowing a balloon and looking at how it grows very carefully and slowly to support his claim.
Charlie used his evidence that the when a balloon inflates it is more or less the same size on all sides so when he thought about a balloon his mind was telling him about a balloon.
Charlie could use this evidence to support his claim by explaining that the gas particles in the balloon expand, so why shouldn't they in a box.
Because his dots are all spread out like balloons.
particles are growing all around because the gases are expanding the ballon.
The balloon is expanding just like charlie drawing.
The gas particles float out around, making the balloon bigger.
The air in the balloon goes everywhere.
all the particals are going to spread out.
that when a balloon expands the gas particles go everywhere.
Charlie could use this as evidence because when the gas bubbles from the soda float to the top, it also float around first before coming to the top. 
It has a lot of space to go around so they must spread apart. To take up all the space.
Charlie will use this evidence to support his claim by saying that the evidence is an example of his claim. His drawing shows the particles separating out and dispersing, the evidence says that the air blown into a balloon spreads in all different directions. 
Just like sam, he might compare the two to eachother. 
The gas in a ballon will make it expand just like when you shake a soda can it will expand to blow up.
Charlie might also do the same things and use examples like the balloon example to tell people he is right.
Charlie might use the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions,"" because it supports that the air will travel everywhere.
He could use the second peice of information because he thinks that the particles will spread out.
The balloon doesn't go straight up when blowing it, it spreads out. Also, when you have soda not all the gas particles float to the top.
The gas can't change the shape of the container.
Charlie might say that the particles are spread out, because the sugar dissolves and spreads throughout the whole glass. 
Charlie can say that when you blow up a ballon the air spreads throughout the ballon.
Charlie would use this because the gas expands with the balloon, so in the box the gas must also expand.
There are bubbles that are on the sides of the drink and other spots of the drink. Some go up and some others stick to the sides.
all around the container is that it will float everywhere if only the soda will stay.
Charlie will use the balloon evidence to show how gas particles disperse away from each other.
with the balloon the gas has to go in all directions.
He could use this as his claim because if when a balloon gets filled with gas the balloon expanded so that means that all gas should expand.
There are some at the top and they are all in many directions.
Charlie may use the balloon as his evidence because the gases are all spread out in order to expand the balloon and if it only reached the top then it just that it would only strech the top of the balloon instead of widening it.
The container is holding all the gas particles which can't escape. The bubbles will roam around since itself cant go anywhere else.
He thinks that sense the gas is going everywhere or is already everywhere.
Charlie argument could be that if the enclosed air in a balloon expands to fill up space evenly, then the same thing will happen to the enclosed air in the box.
Charlie could use the example about balloons, because the gas in Charlie drawing was spread out in all directions. Just like how the air in the balloon was spread out in all directions.
The gas in balloon help expand the balloon which means they spread out in the balloon. That should mean that the gas in the balloon spreads out in all directions too.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container by  giving the example of how gas in the balloon goes everywhere.
Charlie could use the second piece of information to say that if air in a balloon makes it bigger in all directions, then the gas must be expanding out in every direction.
Charlie could use the second piece of evidence about the balloon expanding in all directions, and relate it to his claim about how gas particles fill up all around a closed container.
Charlie could use the second piece of information to support his claim of the gas molecules covering the whole container. When you blow into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in every direction which could be related to Charlie claim. 
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top, by proving the similarities of this statement,""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.""
Charlie could say that when he blows up a balloon the balloon gets bigger and the gas particles spread. Therefore his picture is correct.
it is trying to escape any way it can.
Charlie can use the balloon example because the gas particles also spread out in the balloon.
He can use this by saying that air particles move in all direction like air molecules in a balloon.
charlie might use this because the gas particles will scatter when sealed just like the teacher said.
The air we blow in balloons are like the gas particles in the box.
Charlie might say that in the air, gas molecules they scatter. And since the topic is gas, then he would have a more acurate statement. 
He will use this as an example as well.
Charlie might also get a chance to have evidence because it shows and explains why  the gas particles goes everywhere.
The gas particles float to the top in the soda to fill the top of soda.
his gas particles moved in all directions like a ballon.
Charlie might say that some of the gas bubbles in the soda float to the top, but there is still other gas all around the soda.  He also would argue that the gas particles have to expand to fill the whole space in the balloon, which is what he showed in his diagram.
By blowing into a balloon.
In his claim, he said that gas particles float all around the box. And when you blow up a balloon it gets bigger in different directions. That why he thinks gas particles float in different directions and spread out.
Charlie might say ""The air that is being blown into the balloon is causing the balloon to expand meaning the gas is expanding, same with the gas in the box.""
take air for example, if air were to only rise, we wouldn't be able to breathe on Earth. and the only reason gas bubbles float in the soda is because the buoyancy force  is greater than the force of gravity.
When the gas bubbles from a soda rise not all of the gas escapes. Otherwise, the gas would be tightly packed together (like in Sam diagram). In Charlies diagram the gas bubbles would have to be spread out. 
I believe Charlie would say the gas particles would spread out and float around because according to the teacher, the gas particles in a balloon would causes the balloon to be bigger in all directions.
Charlie might use this piece of evidence: ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.""
 ""Gas bubbles in soda only float to the top because the liquid is taking up the space on the bottom,"" Charlie argued. 
Charlie could say "" When you blow into a balloon it gets spread out and pushes out the sides, so if air was in a box it would spread out and push the box out.
The hot air balloon particles are everywhere so it can support his picture.
gas in baloons make it grow the gas in the box expands too.
 Say/write what he believes happens to gas for a minute, then say your evidence  REALITY OF SITUATION Different gasses react in different situations.
I believe this because when you blow up a balloon the particles spread all the way through the balloon.
air can't just be in one because then we wouldn't be able to breath. air most go all around it does not stay in one place because it is almost impossible to not have air on earth.
When the teacher tells him when blowing up a balloon it expands in all directions, so based on his prediction in his notebook he is correct.
He used that evidence that the grows bigger to draw the0 particles like that.
Charlie would use any evidence to his claim because he used science.
The evidence Charlie can use is that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all direction.
He might use this information by relating the diagram to the example.
He might use any evidence by describing any real life scenario for this situation.
Because molecules can travel in all directions.
Charlie could use his evidence to prove that gas particles are everywhere. He can do some research and hold an experiment.
Because of the ballon.
Charlie can use the soda evidence as well because if soda particles go up, that means they had to been spread out before they went all the up.
Charlie will use the evidence like this: He will say that since the balloon gets bigger in all directions, the gas molecules spread out.
the balloon grows in all directions.
In balloons, the air spreads out and makes the balloon bigger. This supports the claim that the gas particles will spread out and fill up the whole box because the particles are very light and quick. So, the particles will bounce around the whole box.
when the balloon grows the gas particles will fill the space so the gas particles will be more spread out.
Gas particle can spread gas all over the place because when you blow the balloon, the balloon get helium.
he probably thinks that the air copasity pushes the particals out and around the box.
there is one way he could use it is if you only blow one way it could pop it but if you blow mutiply ways then it wont pop.
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because the balloon grows bigger by the air going in all directions and he might be thinking the air is like the gas particles that the gas particles will go all around the container like the air does with the balloon.
Charlie drew her gas particles going everywhere, just like a balloon.
it cant support his claim because it dosent relate to gas.
He could use the balloon evidence because that the air particle in the balloon couldnt resist the heat in the balloon.
Charlie could use this to support his claim by saying that the gas bubbles in the balloon are expanding like his diagram shows them doing, so his is correct.
Charlie might say, "" My claim is correct because based on the data. my teacher said, 'When you blow into a air balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.' This means the gas particles spread around. This is similar to what I drew.""
I think Charlie might use the evidence, ""When you blow air in a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions."" because it supports his picture. His particles are everywhere like the statement states. Charlie probably won't use the other statement because it doesn't match his picture and states something opposite. 
Charlie might say that the evidence supports his claim because his model shows that the air particles are moving in all directions. The evidence shows that the balloon will expand in all directions, so the air particles will also be moving in all directions.
Since Charlie claim is that particles stay on the top, he can use the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all direction"" because this situation proves that his statement is correct. In his picture, it shows that the particles move from the bottom to all spread out. A balloon is spread in all directions. 
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because in the balloon scenario, all the gas particles filled up the balloon so with the same amount of gas particles, the same gas particles expanded and filled the balloon.
that the particles might be carbon dixiode.
I think Charlie can use this evidence because he drew the gas particles everywhere already, but he could use the soda evidence too. He might think that at the beginning of the soda, the gas particles are everywhere and then the particles move up.
He'll use the evidence the teacher said too.
The particles are everywhere because when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. 
Charlie might use the evidence 'When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions', it means that gas particles are more spaced and spread out, and not compact together.
If you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions, Charlie can use this evidence by saying that when you blow heat into a balloon, when the balloon grows in all direction, that because more gas particles are coming in and spreading out.
Charlie might say that the particles spread out like a balloon. (particles everywhere)
Charlie can observe balloon particles.
The second Piece of Evidence.
because they go all over the place.
If balloon particles spread out than maybe these might as well.
Becuase when you blow up a balloon the particles spread out and expand just like in his box.
When you blow air into a balloon they particles go everywhere so he would think he was right.
Charlie is saying that the gas spread out and and expands like the air in a balloon.
The particles bounce around because they have all that space.
Because the balloon goes in all directions.
If you blow up a balloon, the gas spreads throughout the balloon. This means that gas spreads out 
The gas expands and makes the balloon grow larger.
that the gas will spread and go out.
He may want to watch it for a while to see what actually happens when you watch gas bubble rise.
Because it also shows that gas particles also go all around.
Charlie might use the proof that the gas in a balloon separates to all sides to back up his claim. He could claim that because the air in the balloon spreads to all sides, the gas particles will be all around the container. 
He would look at the second piece of evidence and use it as an example/model of what would happen in his box.
It is an example of how his claim is true.
Charlie could use the balloon evidence to say that the balloon expands in all directions like he claimed.
This could help Charlies claim because he believe that the gas particles will scatter in every direction, the balloon particles go in different directions; this would support his claim. Charlie would use this to show how gas particles in every day scenarios would scatter. 
Carbon Dioxide is a gas. We breathe it out. When we breathe it into a balloon, for example, the balloon expands from all sides, meaning the particles disperse (as in the box).
Charlie would use the balloon experiment as an example that his claim is correct.
Charlie drawing shows us that he thinks that the gas particles can go anywhere inside the container. He can use the evidence of the balloon in which the balloon grows all around and the gas particles do that as well.
I think that Charlie will use the argument of the balloon because it is similar to his claim that the gas particles will spread evenly in all directions. Charlies will use this to support the claim that he made because it closely relates to the situation he is working with.
since the ballon inflates evenly, then the particles in the box must float evenly and freely, Charlie may argue that there is no difference between his box and the ballon and he might say that unlike the soda, there is no changed thing with his box or his ballon.
if gas bubbles spread around a balloon in all directions it would do the same in the box.
Charlie could say ""Gas always spreads out like it does in balloons, but in soda bottles, there is liquid which needs to separate from the gas.
In a balloon, the particles spread out as the balloon gets bigger.
He might say that when you blow into a balloon that means that the particles are all around the container.
if the balloon grows bigger in all directions when you put air in it then so should the boxes gas particles.
In a balloon the gas molecules have to spread out to each and every corner in order to make the balloon bigger, maybe the same thing happens when the gas molecules arnëât in a balloon.
When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. That means gas particles go in all directions.
The balloon particles go all over.
Charlie would use this evidence to support his claim by saying that since air blows the balloon out in all directions, the gas particles must go in all directions.
Charlie could say that gas bubbles are different than gas particles, and that what happens in liquid could be really different than what happens in just air. He could say that the balloon is more like a box than soda in a cup, and that because they are more similar, the gas particles inside them would do the same thing.
Charlie will probably use the balloon evidence to show that the particles expand as the balloon gets bigger.
He can use the evidence to support his claim. It helps him to have proof.
because in this scenario  when the air is blown into a balloon, the air blows it up and goes everywhere like Charlies drawing. 
Charlie might use the evidence about the balloon because the gas is spread all around the balloon. His claim is that the gas will spread out in the container.
Charlie will use the balloon because it proves that his hypothesis is correct.
Charlie would use the evidence to relate to his drawing as in both situations(the box and the balloon) the gas is reacting the same.
Charlie knows that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
He might be able to make a diagram that shows how air can be added in all areas by using an air pump to blow up a balloon or make a stop motion.
He will use this in the way the when you blow up a balloon the air spreads out.
Charlie would use the evidence with the balloon where air pushes out on all sides.
Charlie might say that because soda is heavier than gas, the gas will rise above the soda to get to the rest of the air.
Charlie would use the example of the ballon. When blowing into a balloon, the balloon inflates in all directions.  He could also say that Sam is incorrect because a soda can is open, and it is touching oxygen. The box is a closed space, more like a balloon after you tie it closed. 
Charlie could say that since air moves everywhere in a ballon it moves everywhere anywhere.
Charlie will use the evidence of the balloon  because the particles go everywhere.
Charlie might use the evidence that gas particles disperse in a balloon because it agrees with his claim.
Charlie could use this evidence by saying that if the particles expanded in the balloon, it is only reasonable that they will spread out in the box as well.
Charlie can use this to help him because gas bubble rose threw the bottle which means that at some point they were in the middle and spread out.
Charlies may be right because they are spread out on that trial.
When you blow a balloon, the gas particles stretch the balloon from all directions, like how they spread out in Charlie drawing.
Charlies air particles go every which way, they are spread out like when you put air in a balloon, he represents this in his drawing.
Charlie claim can be supported by both statements the teacher said. Most gas particles rise to the top of the soda, but you can still find gas particles all in the soda. When you blow air into the balloon, it grows bigger in all directions. This must mean that all the gas particles are evenly distributed in the balloon. This strongly supports Charlie claim.
Charlie could use his original piece of evidence about the balloon to support his claim. He could also say that there not all of the bubbles rise to the top in the soda, and therefore it is some reaction with the liquid that causes some to rise.
I think Charlie will say that when gas enters a balloon it will go it multiple different directions and ways to fill up the balloon fully and properly instead of making the balloon rising only upwards.
Charlie could use the second piece of evidence. In his drawing, the gas particles are spread out. When you blow into a balloon, the balloon grows in all directions, which could be the gas particles pushing out on all sides.
because they used soda.
pressure explains where they go.
He will use this evidence by proving his teacher his claim is right because he is showing an example that his teacher is sure to know.
In a balloon the particles flout all around.
when you blow a balloon all of the air inside of it is splitting apart.
so that he is right.
he will say that Sam evidence is bubbles and his is air and mine does shows exactly what happens when you put air particles in a hot air balloon.
he might blow up a balloon to support his claim.
there in the middle.
Sam could use the fact that gas spreads apart in a balloon and say that that would happen in the box aswell.
When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
The particles are spread out inside the balloon. When more air is being blown in the balloon, the more particles and the more spread out.
Charlie could say that since the balloon expands in all directions, the gas particles will spread out.
that the gas particles scatter around like when you blow in a balloon.
In a balloon there air in all even areas and this could mean the box would be filled evenly with gas particles.
The balloon expands as more air is forced into it.
Charlie uses the balloon evidence, because his particles are floating everywhere and that how a balloon expands. 
Since gas spreads out evenly in all directions, that would happen in the box as well.
this  evidence is good because your adding on air to balloon and the particles will obviously move since air is pushing in any sorta direction.
He would say that forces are pushing the gas from all sides.
Gas particles move everywhere in all directions.
charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container by also using the teachers claim.
he will just blow up a balloon and lets go of it and when hear farting sounds coming out of the balloon that means that the particles are getting out of the balloon.
Charlie might say that since the particles go all directions to fill up a balloon, it would be the same with gas particles.
Since Gas Bubbles aren't particles, they function differently, and the air in a box has to float around so there can be air.
Charlie would say that he believed they spread apart since they spread apart like so, when expanding a balloon.
Charlie will use this evidence as a thing to support his claim because he will prove that his drawing of the particles are correct because the teacher said that when you blow air into a bubble the balloon grows bigger and the paticles spread in all directions.
Pop might be good evidence for Charlie but not blowing up the balloon.
When air is blown into a balloon, gas particles jump around to go to either direction.  The gas particles would likes to fill up the whole balloon space so the gas particles keeps on moving.
if the gas on the balloons spreed so the gas in the box will spreed too.
the air spred out in the balloon and make it flew.
Charlie would say if the balloon grows bigger then the particles would have more room to spread out.
The particles in the balloon must act the same way the box does.
because they are motion they are moving freely.
he thinks all the gas is moving around.
Because the balloon basically explains the picture he drew.
gas bubbles would spread out to make the balloon bigger.
because of all the bubbles.
If the particles act like they would in a balloon, they would spread around the box.
Air in the balloon goes all around in the balloon,that what it looks like in charlie notebook.
Charlie would most likely use the evidence of ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" as a way to support his claim that the particles are all around the container for if you were to draw a diagram, it would look like his.
Charlie can use this as evidence because the type of particles that are in a balloon have more space so they could spread out.
The gas particles in a balloon when blowing it makes it bigger so the gas particles pushes the balloon outwards which means the gas particles are more separate.
The particles are scattered all around hit notebook which is one example of a balloon getting blown up and expanded as air travels through the balloon surface.
Charlie could use the evidence that when you blow into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. This supports his claim because he says that air spreads out in all directions, not just up. Since the balloon grows bigger in all directions, it an example that supports Charlie claim.
He would prove his point about how the particles spread out and how the balloon blows up.
A box is not a liquid and soda is a liquid,  just because the gas particles in a soda go up to the top does not mean that the same will happen to a box.
That he can use the air moves freely when it want to.
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because when gas bubbles in a soda appear, some of the bubbles rise to the top. When you blow air into a balloon the gas particles spread out in different directions and elevate.
He could possibly use When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.  
Once it passes 1 minute the gas particles spread out.
Charlie can say the gas molecules in a balloon spread out as the balloon is filled with air.
Charlie may sue this as evidence because if the gas particles are all around the container, it would expand and grow larger. The gas bubbles float upward because there is more space to be inside and around the container.
Charlie might use the evidence to show that the particles in the balloon are slow and have less energy, making the particles split in many directions.
Charlie can use his evidence saying that when you blow up a balloon that it blow up in many separate direction which he can use his box the represent that.
If you blow air into a balloon, then all of the balloon grows. So the air does spread out and it doesn't just go to the top.  
Charlie could say that the gas particles will spread out because a balloon will grow bigger when you blow into it, because of gas particles spreading out.
I think Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because with the information given, he knows that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
Charlie might say; "" When the gas particles are exposed to air, they tend to spread out and move around.""
When you blow gas into a balloon the gas is trapped inside the balloon. The gas would be everywhere inside the balloon.
When soda is being poured into a glass, the gas has no where to go so it only choice is to rise to the top.
because he drawing of the gas was all spread out and it is like a balloon once you put air in the balloon the gas goes in all different ways.
Charlie might use the evidence to support his claim which is that the gas particles are space out everywhere instead of bunching up together. The evidence claims that the when you blow air into the balloon it goes everywhere.
The particles of a soda pop all the around the top not just in one big line. The whole balloon is inflated form the top spreading all around the inside of the balloon .
it spreads more if you wait a while.
His evidence is the balloon, inside the gas particles spread around.
He might use this evidence and other more because his claim is right because it does grow.
because it shows it.
Charlie might use the evidence by filling up a balloon with air.
Even if balloons aren't perfectly round after blowing into them, it still has gas particles everywhere in the balloon as it is taking up space. The gas in soda are trapped together and need to be release to have more space between each gas particle.
the teacher stated,""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions."" and that proves that the air is everywhere.
Charlie will say that some chemical in soda made the gas float up and use balloon information to support his statement.
If more particles were added into a container they might take over the original particles and might start moving around the container.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because the balloon needs oxygen to all equal sides.
I think Charlie will us the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions."" because it is true the gasses spreads out instead of staying in one spot. 
because air is everywhere and its inside everything.
Charlie could use the evidence that states that when air is blown to a balloon, the balloon grows bigger as when air is blown into a balloon, gas particles move all around the balloon which is the same as in Charlie drawing.
Charlie can use both of these pieces of information because they both show how gas particles want to take up as much space as possible so the gas particles in soda will try to take up the space of air outside of the soda as well as in.
Charlie might use this evidence by stating how the pressure changed in the box from air pressure.
Charlie drawing shows that the particles have risen from the bottom to various positions in the container. Although it has been a minute and gas bubbles in soda rise very quickly, he might argue that there might be liquids in which gasses rise very slowly to the top. He could also argue that air spread throughout the balloon will cause the balloon to grow bigger in all directions.
Charlie could use this as evidence by saying the following; when gas particles are blown into a balloon, the balloon expands. This happens because the particles spread out and take up more room causing the balloon to expand. Also, bubbles are formed all throughout soda drinks, they stick to sides of glasses as well. There no evidence that what happens in a liquid could be the same as what happens in a box. They are in different forms of matter. 
Charlie might used this evidence to support his claim because gas in a balloon expands and grow bigger so therefore gas in this space must expand and grow bigger.
Likewise, Charlie can use the evidence about the particles in a balloon dispersing when air is blown into it. Because when you blow air into a balloon, it inflates because the air particles move to fit the container it in, which supports his drawing. 
Charlie would use the evidence and say that since air expands in a balloon then the air in the container would also expand.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container by using the evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. His claim and the evidence both state that gas bubbles spread around.
Charlie could use the statement 'when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" to support his claim. This is a real life example that could help to explain Charlie logic.
Charlie could use the evidence about the balloon growing bigger in all directions when air is blown into it because if the balloon grows bigger in all directions, it means that the particles are spread out and his claim is correct. The evidence about the gas bubbles, however, would be harder to use to prove his claim.
Gas bubble in soda are  pressurized, therefore they rise to the top when a can is opened. However, when you drink the soda, there is still fizz from the carbon dioxide. So the carbon dioxide is still all around in the soda container. It rises to the top because it is the only direction (out of all the other directions) it can go.
Gas particles in a box after a minute shoot out in all directions, similar to how blowing a balloon up, it expands from all sides.  In both examples, the gas particles spread out towards all directions.
If you use the idea of, if you release a gas, does it just go to the ceiling, or does everyone around you smell it. Gasses expand to fill up the vessel they are in.
After a minute, the particles in the box will spread out, because, when you blow into a balloon, the air spreads it out. Since air is a type of gas, the same thing will happen to the particles.
Charlie can't use the soda fact because that would disprove his argument and go against his drawing. In blowing air into a balloon, you are inflating it, causing it to get bigger and expand. In his drawing, the particles went from closely packed to spread out, occupying the whole container/box. 
Charlie will use the second set of evidence beacuse like the balloon the particles in the container will seperate over time to increas ein size.
I think that Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are spread out in the container because gas particles are always moving, so they would not stay static for that long. 
Charlie would have used the evidence of the balloon growing bigger in all directions when you blow air into it to support his claim because he drew the gas particles going out in all directions.
CHARLIE CAN US THAT THEY ARE ON THE TOP.
Charlie may use the second piece of evidence saying that the gas particles are similar to the air being blown in a balloon, as it shows how particles in contained spaces react.
Charlie might use the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" to show why the particles would spread out.
When you blow a balloon, all the air particles scatter, and Charlie drawing is a picture of scattered particles.
The gas is all around the box because in a balloon the gas spreads out in all directions but in the soda it a liquid so it might be different.
Charlie would use air in a balloon because the air expands in every direction in a similar way.
Charlie could use the evidence ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions."" This could be used because Charlie states that in the container the gas is being evenly distributed. 
Charlie could state the following.  Gas particles expand.  When blowing a balloon, the balloon expands in all directions.  This is because the gas particles expand in all directions.
The ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" quote supports Charlie claim. As more gas particles enter the balloon and spread, the balloon grows bigger. 
Charlie can claim that when gas is put into a balloon, the balloon gets bigger because the gas particles are spread apart and all around. Similarly, gas particles would be spread apart in air.
To prove he right.
The gas will flow around, pushing at all sides, like a balloon.
Charlie would use this to support his claim because when you blow air it goes in all directions similar to his his prediction and gas bubbles only float to the top in soda. Nobody said they floated to the top in air.
Charlie might use the balloon evidence because it shows the particles move in all directions.
Charlie used his logic to come to the conclusion that all gas expands.
I think Charlie can only use the balloon evidence, because it states that in soda the gases float up top, not that the gases spread everywhere. 
Charlie cold say that the balloon expands in all sides as proof the the gas is evenly distributed around the container.
when charlie drew the picture of the particles around in a container it makes me wonder if the particles inside of the container are moving around because of the peasure?
that the more space is given the more the particles have to move around.
Since the gas particles in a balloon are spread out in all directions, the gas particles in the box will do that too.
Charlie might use the balloon evidence because his drawing depicts the gas particles as a balloon, growing and spreading in all directions.
Charlie can use this information by explaining how his claim was that gas particles spread out in their contained space and that is exactly how a balloon is blown up.
because a balloon expands in all directions.
he might use this because when you blow up a balloon air speads to all sides of the rubber and creates that balloon.
The evidence show how it helps Charlie because in his diagram it shoes how the gas particles are spreading around the  whole box making it look even spaces. The ballon does get bigger in all directions when you put more gas particles to.
Charlie might say that all gas particles spread out.
The particles will spread out. It is just like a balloon. When you blow air into a balloon, it expands and is spaced evenly. This causes it to keep its shape.
Charlie could use the Balloon idea to support his claim. The air in the balloon are made up of particles. The air in the balloon spreads out in all directions of the balloon. So the air in the box will spread out in all directions of the box also.
Charlie will use the evidence provided by his teacher to show that particles any objects like balloons scatter around inside of the object at different paces and in different places.
The balloon is filled with air and grows in all directions as it is filled.
Charlie might included the fact that when you blow air into a balloon, the gas particles move everywhere. that could explain why he drew gas partcles all over the place.
Charlie thinks that the gas particles are in the air in general, such as a balloon, making the particles spread out.
they all should have the same distance.
The picture shows that gas floats around which is what happens when you blow in a balloon. When you blow into a balloon the balloon expands in all directions.
Charlie could use this evidence to argue that a balloon is similar to a box of gas. If the gas particles spread out in the balloon, than the same effect could be expected from the box. 
Charlie can use the example about the balloon because he drew his particles spread out, like a balloon when it is being blown up.
Charlie might use that when you blow air into a balloon, it grows bugger in all direction.
Air in a balloon is evenly distributed inside it.
gas disperse.
Charlie might use the second piece of evidence, because it mentions how the balloon grows bigger in all directions which matches his prediction about gas particles.
when you blow air in a balloon air particles spread to fill it.
He can use this evidence saying that when you blow air in a balloon the gas goes everywhere.
That gas particles want space so the fill up an area.
gas gas couild go everywhere.
because some of them split.
The best evidence is when we blow  balloon it grows bigger all direction.
Charlie will use this evidence to give example to show that he might be right.
Charlie could say that since matter is all around us, the particles have to be spread out like a blown up balloon.
Charlie says since the gas tries to spread out in a balloon there should be no difference between the gas in the box than in the balloon.
Can you blow up a balloon by just having the particles with in it upwards. Enable for a balloon to be blown up in needs gas/particles within it all over/around the balloon.
How Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container is that when you blow a balloon, it expands in all directions. So, depending on the situation, gas particles will sometimes go all around an enclosed space.
the gas expanded to the open spaces in the soda.
Charle can use both because gas came up anyway.
charlie can use the balloon example to show that air particles go in all directions because the air inside the balloon is going in all directions.
He can explain that the gas goes to fill up the space it being put in.
Charlie will use the piece of evidence that supports his claim of gas particles spreading out in a balloon.
because his gas particles are all spread out just how it would be if you blew into a balloon.
Charlie might use his evidence to show that when you blow a balloon the air will float all around the balloon just like how he thinks that the gas particles will float around the entire box after waiting for one minute.
that the particles in soda rise because of the liquid that puts pressure on them and that the particles have air in them so the air in the particles makes them float to the top, but in the box there is no liquid, also that in a ballon the particles fill the baloon up equally in the middle and the sides, if it went just to the top there would be a crease in the middle.
Charlie may use the evidence, ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions,"" in his argument because, his own drawing had particles much more spread out, like a balloon as a blows up as it air particles are spreading out and pushing out trying to fill in the empty space. 
Balloons grow in a circle even and so it means that gas takes the shape that its contained in meaning the particles in  the air in the box should be spread out taking the form of the shape its in.
Charlie can use the balloon evidence to support his claim since he thought the particles will spread out.
Because the teacher said that when you blow air into a balloon it gets bigger.
the gas will blow and spread just like a balloon.
Because the particles he drew represent air, and since his teacher said him that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions, he might think he is right.
Charlie can stay that when you blow oxygen in a open flexible space, atoms can move more freely.
He might say that particles are smaller than bubbles and you can still see the little bubbles throughout the soda not just at the top.
In a balloon the gas spreads out.
When balloons grow, the gas particles spread in all directions, exactly as Charlie were drawn.
Particles is all around the container like balloon and makes the balloon bigger.
Charlie will use the evidence of the air in a balloon expanding in all directions to show how gas spreads our all around the container.
When you blow air into a balloon it also goes to the top.
He probably used this because a box is like a balloon and the box is kinda of like a balloon.
Charlie must also think that hes right, because his answer was correct as well. The air goes all over the balloon.
because he is right.
Charlie would explain that the balloon is growing in all different directions and that if the particles only floated to the top, only the top part of the balloon would grow. Since all parts of the balloon are growing. the particles must be spread out.
Charlie might say that the gas particles will spread like a balloon and it won't rise because there no soda.
Charlie could say that since the balloon and its particles spread out in all directions, then the gas particles must spread out too.
he might say that the balloon has air all throughout the balloon.
Cause he thinks they go all around the soda can.
He will use the fact that air particles make a balloon go in all directions so it probably is the same for gas particles.
He will use it to prove himself right.
When you inflate a balloon, it doesn't expand in one direction, it grows in all directions. Gas will move in all directions, and you can see that happening in a balloon (In viewpoint of Charlie).
Same evidence as in last part.
Charlie can use this evidence because just like his chart, the particles will grow bigger in all directions. So if he blows into the balloon, the particles will grow bigger.
He can be smart and think on his own. he doesnt need evidence.
Charlie might use some of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container by knowing that the when you blow air into a balloon the balloon grows bigger in all directions. Since in his drawing it had shown that the particles are going in all different directions.
Charlie claim is when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. That means the particles in the balloon with the gas is going moving the particles to different places inside the balloon.
that gas always moves.
I think he can only use the one where the balloon can get bigger in all directions because that is close to representing his claim.
Gas spreads out in all directions. Just like how when you're blowing up a balloon  it expands and grows bigger in all directions. His picture shows the gas particles spreading out in all directions.
Charlie might say something like this.""My claim is that after one minute the gas particle will be all over the place,because as my teacher said when you blow a balloon, the balloon grow bigger in all direction just like my claim that all the particle will go in all directions.""
Charlie will use the second piece of evidence regarding the expansion of a balloon when air is blown into it. He will use this piece of evidence because the way the teacher explains the gas particles' movement in that situation is the same as how the gas particles have moved in Charlie diagram.
charlie might explain how a balloon gets bigger from the gas inside because they are everywhere then he will tell how that is related to his bow theory.
charlie says that the particles are all seperated from each other.
because charlie thinks that they may go to the middle and when you blow a balloon all that air that you blow into it. it goes everywhere.
Charlie could something like this,gas particles travel outward because they don't have much air to bring them to the top so the expand instead.
Charlie might use this evidence to brain storm his theory.
Charlie can use the ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions"" sentence as his evidence, because he believes that the gas inside of the  box goes in all directions after a minute.
charlie can use this evidence to help because when the gases move up they float round everywhere.
when your blowing a balloon it expands fills all space it can.
Charlie would say that when you fill a balloon, the gas scatters and goes everywhere, so the gas in the container should as well. 
Charlie might say that the box has air and gas particles in it and when you blow air into a balloon air and gas particles are entering the balloon so the particles will do the same thing.
They can also be spread around.
balloons go out in all directions.
Charlie, using the evidence that the teacher says about balloons, can claim that it acts like a balloon, spreading out in all directions.
Charlie can use this evidence to prove his point by showing there are different ways that gas particles can float.
charlie might use the evidence that the ballon grows in diffrent directions and he claims that the gas particles were all in differnt directions.
A explosion is a similar effect.
Charlie might use the evidence about the balloon and share that his picture is more accurate because it shows the gas particles spread out and he could use the soda one because he could state that the gas particles are going up.
Charlie might compare the evidence about the air making the balloon expand in all directions to his claim that the particles expand in all directions.
there are usually a few gas bubbles at the top and around sides of glass of coke when you pour into a cup, and the balloon blows in all directions to fill up properly so what not to say that there arengas particles too that blow into all directions.
Charlie might use the balloon and the soda as an example saying that the gas spreads out when not held back by a liquid so everywhere that is not underwater will have gas spreding out and not clumping together.
because when you blow a balloon the gasses are every where.
They are floating up while they are spreading out in the box.
he might use evidence to explain that gas can float anywhere and when contained it will go everywhere.
when you get  a balloon the particles inside will spread out expanding the balloon.
Charlie might say that the soda is a chilled beverage and what happens during carbonation and not when the gas particles heat up.
Charlie could use any of this evidence to support his claim because the teacher said that the air in a balloon goes in all directions including center which is what Charlie said.
Charlie could use this evidence about the balloon to explain why the particles may be from a balloon and so explain why they went up at a different speed.
i think he will say that they will spread out like air does to a balloon.
hell use that particles fly everywhere because thats what happened in his drawing.
all particles bounce around, and they will keep bouncing. the bouncing spreads out all the gas particles.
Charlie might use this information that his teacher gave him, to argue that air particles spread out to fill up all the empty space in the box. 
Bubbles even have gas and they pop it when kids touch it, or popped it to the ground and some of the little kids will play bubbles or adults will play it and kids would pop it.
because air particles stay at the same spot.
As though the teacher did not mention what type of gases she/he was referring too the gas i thought of was the kin of when you blow into a ballon and particles spread.
Charlie could use this evidence because in his picture the particles are all around the container and in the balloon the particles moving all around the container make it expand.
his is about a ballon.
Charlie would probably say the same thing I said earlier about gas going in all directions in a balloon. He might also make a claim that bubbles rising is different due to the difference in mass from water to gas.
he will probloby way just use one of the picecs of evidence.
Because the effects of both could have possibly happened the same.
The gas in the balloon only has one way out but there is more gas coming from there so it is spreading.
because of the blowing air into a ballon type of thing.
gas spreads out.
Charlie might say that gas in that form is different then gas in another form.
Charlie can use his evidence because he can say the way air goes into the balloon and spreads around inside just as if the gas particles were in a room.
Since particles in a balloon spread out so should they.
When blowing up a balloon, the balloon will begin to expand in all directions. Same with gas particles, after a minuet the gas particles will begin to expand everywhere. 
Charlie might use this evidence to help his claim because he thinks that all the gas particles will go all over the place so he might say that sense you blow air into a balloon and all the gas particles go all over the place.
when you blow into a balloon, the balloons grow bigger in all directions. 
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim because the particles try to fill up the entire box like how the particles in a balloon try to fill up all space in the balloon.
Air is affected by gravity, which means that the particles are being pushed  down or floating not so high of a distance. That why you need an air pump to go to someplace high like Mt.Everest.
Charlie might use the evidence of the balloon and the air by saying the gas particles in the box spread all around the box just like how the air in a balloon spreads when the balloon is being blown.
Charlie thinks that the particles will spread out like a balloon.
because the paarticles are everywhere now.
The gas in an air balloon goes in all different directions and fills it up completely.  Charlie could an experiment, like Sam, to support his claim.
gas rises so he thinks hes right.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container because when you blow up a balloon it grows bigger in all directions.
In balloon, the air spreads in all directions, and since the balloon has is air, why wouldn't it work the same in normal conditions?
The gas goes to the sides.
Charlie could use this evidence because it shows what they believe.
The air in a balloon (when being blown up) expands the balloon. Which means the gas particles go everywhere.
Charlie might use the evidence where the balloon grows bigger in all directions if you blow air into it, because he drew an image related to this evidence in his notebook. Charlie said that the particles of gas will break apart from each other and spread out in the box, while the teacher also said that the balloon grows bigger in all directions, which is like saying that the gas particles will spread out in all directions.
He uses that when you blow air into a balloon the balloon grows bigger in all direction since his picture is explaining it all.
He would say just like the balloon all particles will float around.
When you blow up a balloon the gas on it going in all directions.
He might say that soda moves to one spot because it is filled with carbonated water  put in the air the gas is all around us.
When you blow air into a balloon, the balloons grow bigger in all directions. . 
It makes sense in any way.
Charlie could use the second piece of evidence, as he drew gas particles spreading out.
Balloons inflate in all directions, so gas particles would spread out too.
Charlie might analogize that the box is the balloon and the air blown in are the gas particles.
Charlie might use the second piece of information to explain his drawing where all the gas particles spread out in all directions. By using the part of the statement that says that the balloon grows bigger in all directions, he could argue that the gas particles spread in all directions in the same way.
Charlie, might use his evidence to explain, that similar to the bubbles in a balloon, which spread apart as the balloon is blown up. This was Charlie claim.
Charlie could use the second piece of evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container, as the gas particles in a balloon spread out in direction, which causes the balloon to become bigger.
Charlie will use, the teachers example of when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. This is because charlie claim stated that gas particles spread out wide, and take the space of the container.  
Charlie might use ""when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions."" He will use this because if the gas molecules cause the balloons to expand in all directions, then the gas must be everywhere, so it will also be everywhere in the box.
Charlie will use the second evidence because he claimed that the particles will be all spread out around the space and not clustered together.
Charlie may use piece of evidence because when you blow up a balloon, it gets bigger and bigger, making the molecules spread out much more. 
Charlie uses the evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions because the particles disperse in his claim.
The soda gas would also make a balloon spread out, because the gas will move around.
Charlie might say that the box might expand its sides a little from the air spreading inside.
The gas particles are all around the container. The teacher stated that when you blow air into a balloon, it grows bigger in all directions, which means there is air in all directions. That is exactly what Charlie said, only in a container, not a balloon. 
Charlie can say that the particles spread out in the image represent the particles when the balloon expands.
Charlie could argue that the gas is in a balloon. If not, there no way to prove his point.
Charlie could say that the particles float to the top but then also spread out to the sides.
Charlie could've said that the molecules were pushed out like the ones in the balloons, so his evidence is accurate.
Charlie would use the evidence that balloons grow bigger in all directions when air is blown into it. The air in the container would spread out in all directions too.
If the balloon grows in all directions then the gas molecules go in all directions like how Charlie drew them.
Charlie would use the second piece of evidence because he claimed that all the particles will be spread out and all around the space, which the evidence supports.
Charlie might use the evidence that when you blow air into the balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. He might use this because gas particles spread out when air is let in.
Charlies bubbles spread out in diffrent directions and so does the gas in the ballons.
Charlie will use the evidence stating that the container is like the balloon and that the air is like the breath. It supports his claim.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container since his claim is the gas particles go in all directions the same as the balloon gas particles.
Charlie would argue that the container was empty and the gas would expand to fill it. This would cause it to increase in size.
He can prove that the surface was covered with air .And that makes sense.
That when you blow in a blown the particles skaters every where.
when you blow up a balloon the gas bubbles fill the balloon and make it expand outwards.
that they has gas so they go where ever they want.
He will explain the fact that particles in balloons go in random directions just like his diagram.
i dont know how to discribe him.
Yes, when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
Charlie could use this evidence to say that particles spread.
The balloon.
Charlie can use this evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all direction. 
The particles will act like the balloon.
Charlie might use the evidence to support his saying that the gas particles in a balloon are all spread out. He also might use it in a paragraph or essay.
charlie use his claim the in a balloon the gas goes in every direction.
when you blow into a balloon it gets bigger as you keep blowing and the particles are moving around.
he could also say the teacher was his source.
maybe he will think that the sugar will not go in the middle.
that is more gas particles.
Charlie can use the evidence when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions and he could say that his claim is correct too because his teacher explained how gas particles in balloons spread throughout all the directions.
Since in a balloon gas particles spread apart, so can the gas particles in the box.
Charlie is correct because after a while the particles spread out.
he will say that since the ballon grew the particals spread.
Charlie should use the balloon evidence because, this supports his claim of gas spreading around.
When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. Charlie will use this as evidence since nothing else backs up his claim about what the gas particles will do. I have no idea if I'm correct that Sam is right but at least I tried knowing practically nothing on this topic.
Charlie is gonna fail.
the gas in a balloon doesnt go up it goes all the way.
Charlie would use the balloon evidence to show that the particles are spaced out.
Charlie might use the evidence that when you blow air in a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.
He could use the balloons expand in all direction by saying that the gas particles would react similarly to how they do in a balloon, expanding in all directions.
the particles spread like air.
Charlie may say, when blowing air into a balloon it expands from all side, so when one minute passes, the gas particles will part from one another. It'll soon expand and show that the gas particles is causing movement inside the box.
Because in his drawing he says that the gas particles are moving around constantly which proves that the balloon is getting bigger when you blow into it.
Charlie might use this evidence to show how all the particles are moving around in different spots.
just like how the gas in balloons goes in all directions the gas in this box is in all directions.
Charlie might use this evidence by saying gas bubbles travel in all different directions like a balloon being filled with air.
hes using a balloon as evidence, to show that when you blow into a balloon the air inside expands so that must be what the gas particles are doing.
He can also say that this type of air is found in balloons.
gas particle will fill in all the space in the box because in a balloon the the air will expand.
Charlie might use this information because the balloon got bigger and the particles expanded around the container.
Charlie will use the evidence that the air in a balloon spreads out in all directions, because that is very similar to his explanation of  how particles move in a container. He will relate the air particles to the particles in a container by saying that they are both gas, and therefore, they act in a similar way.
The gas of the outside pushes the water to the sides to create more mass on the water and it spread to get an even taste.
Because the gas particles will get bigger and go in all directions.
he can use the evidence by saying the gas just expands it is all over the place.
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim because the illustration refers to the balloon analogy.
Charlie can use his evidence to support his cliam by sayin the  particles need to go cray.
He could use this to explain how since the box is empty the air particles could spread instead of stay together.
That if you blow up a balloon the gas particles move around making the balloon go any direction just like the particles inside the box.
Charlie could use this example of the balloon to reason an explanation or a hypothesis on what the gas particles do in one minute.
he could use the evidence that states balloons get bigger in all directions.
He might say that there is different ways to say that the gas is moving around and also include the evidence that was stated by his teacher.
it also very important.
He might say that all air is is gas and if the balloon expands with the air, the gas particles expand.
he could say his drawing gas particals in a balloon when it is blown.
Charlie can use this evidence to support his claim by telling me how the effect of the balloon and how you blow it can also happen with the gas particles but instead of air its gas.
Soda is a liquid and the gas floats to the top because it is lighter. However, the balloon does not contain liquid and neither does the box. 
Now, Charlie knows that a balloon expands when you breath air into it, so he knows gas particles expand, so he is correct.
because it is free all around.
I think Charlie can use the evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon gets bigger in all directions to support his claim.
that the particles have more mass they will go apart.
Charlie might use any of this evidence because his particles are going in all directions and some of his gas particles are on the top of hi diagram.
Charlie might use the evidence that air blown into a balloon will make a balloon grow bigger in all directions because his drawing shows particles that are spread out.
To prove what  particles will do in a balloon filled w/ air.
This can support Charlie claim because when air spreads all around in a balloon when you blow it up his diagram show the air spreading around too like i  a balloon.
Charlie evidence showed that air particles go farther apart as they are heated, by the breath of whoever is blowing the balloon.
Since when you blow air into a balloon all the particles spread out, that is how Charlie could use this as evidence. Your breath is ho, so when you blow into a balloon you are blowing heat onto the particles, making them spread out, just like on Charlie picture. 
Particles in a balloon scatter out to have more space.
Charlie can also use the evidence cause it also supports his claim.
because he showed that.
Charlie can image that the box is the balloon and the dots are the particle in which the balloon grows because to make the balloon bigger of the pressure of the air we blow into the balloon.  And the particles move in all direction.
that when the soda is just placed there, the particles are just like charlies.
I think that Charlie drawing is the little particles everywhere because there is a huge amount of space in the box even without the air of your breath.
Charlie would say the since the balloon grows on all sides then the gas must be spread out so his claim must be correct.
Charlie claim  is that the particles are all spread out around the box. The evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows larger in all directions relates to Charlie claim. Charlie thinks the same thing is happening to the gas particles in the box. This evidence shows that since the air in the balloon spread out, the gas particles in the box may do the same.
I think Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim by saying, since if you blow air into a balloon, it expands in all directions, so if you give time to have the particles move, it will spread out throughout the box in all directions, using the evidence,""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions.""
Charlie might say that the balloon is getting bigger because the air is pushing it outwards in all directions.
if it wasn't all around, balloons wouldn't inflate.
because when you blow air into a balloon the particles go everywhere maybe this too.
charlie will use the balloon evidence since it is similar to his drawing he will say that if the box was a balloon the molecules would bounce around the walls and bounce on themselves.
when you blow into a balloon the gas particles goes everywhere.
the evidence that when balloons are blown up that the air in it spreads out and makes the balloon expand, supports the claim that when air is traped in a box the air would naturaly spread out.
He could use it to say that his claim is like blowing up a balloon where the particles spread out throughout the balloon.
I think charlie will try and do the same thing as Sam, so he will support his claim and prove wrong other claims.
The gas particles in a balloon expand, so the gas particles normally go around.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim because if balloon particles spread out then so do particles.
He might use the evidence his teacher told him to help other people know what his diagram is about and a example of were it can be used.
cause they move to the peices around.
I think Charlie might think when you blow air into a balloon the gas particles will float all around making the balloon bigger, so the gas particles in a box will probably also do that but instead of making the box bigger, it will stay the same.
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim because a balloon has gas particles everywhere (making sure it not deflated) just like his sketch.
Charlie might the when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions evidence to support his claim that the particles are all around the container.
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim because when you blow a balloon, it goes in all different directions just like it did in his diagram.
He may use the balloon evidence to say, my particles will spread out too.
Charlie could say that the particles in the balloon could be used to be used for the his model.
Charlie will use the ""when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger"" evidence because when you do blow air into a balloon, it expands in every single direction that it will be able to.
Charlie might use the fact that gas particle spread out as a balloon is inflated.
Charlie can use any of this evidence to support his claim because his claim was that gas particles move all around the container, and the carbonated bubbles in soda move all around in the glass.
Charlie might use the evidence that when you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions because his particles are spaced out randomly.  
Charlie might use this evidence to support his claim because he argued that the gas particles will spread out evenly. If the balloon spreads out in all directions, that basically means the air is spreading out the way Charlie model shows.
Charlie might use any of this evidence to support his claim by saying that air in a balloon goes in all directions, like his diagram.
the balloon had blow aired.
because the particles go everywhere.
