background	question	grad0	grad1	grad2	grad3
Remember that Sam's claim is that the particles will look like Figure 2.1 after one minute. Then, teacher tells Sam: Gas bubbles in soda float to the top.	Explain how this evidence could be used to support Sam's claim.	Gas bubbles float to the top very fast is a evidence to support Sam claim.	Gas bubbles float on the top and gas particles also float on the top.	Gas particles do the same thing as gas bubbles do in soda. Both gas particles and gas bubbles float on the top.	Since they are light, both gas bubbles and gas particles flow on the top in soda.
Remember that Charlie's claim is that the particles will look like Figure 2.2 after one minute. Then, the teacher tells Charlie: When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. 	Explain how you think this evidence could be used to support Charlie's claim. 	The evidence is that gas spreads everywhere.	The evidence is that air in the balloon spreads everywhere, similar to the gas particles spread in the box. 	The evidence is that air in the balloon spreads everywhere. Balloon and box are all closed containers. Gas particles in the box are like air in the balloon.	Empty
To review, Sam claims the gas particles look like Figure 3.1, However, Charlie claimed the gas particles looked like Figure 3.2. From the last page, the teacher shared the following pieces of information with Sam and Charlie. Information 1: Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. Information 2: When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions. 	Explain how you think Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at top.	The bubbles in the soda water float on the top. 	Sam's claim is that gas particles float on the top in the box. The evidence is that bubbles in soda water float to the top.	Sam's claim is that gas particles float on the top in the box. The evidence is that bubbles in soda water float to the top. As gas particles and bubbles all refer to air. Sam can infer that air in the box can also float on the top just as air in soda water does.	Empty