Sam might have this information as evidence because the teacher used he word gas and she explained that it goes up to the top.
He could tell them how gas floats up and how it tries to get out of the room from the roof.
Sam can use the soda one saying that If in soda gas floats to the top creating bubbles why would my box not do the same?
Sam could say that they might rise to the top like gas bubbles, but no air is entering the box so the balloon statement won't help.
Sam might say that not all of the bubbles in soda go to the top because the rest of the drink is still super bubbly. In a balloon, the particles spread out and blow up the balloon in every direction. 
Sam might use the evidence of soda bubbles to support his claim, because they float to the top, just like his particles in the box. 
I think that Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim because he could argue that a balloon only expands outward because of the force of the person blowing into it. However, the bubbles in a soda go up on their own.
Sam could use the soda data because it just shows what gas particles do already, rise to the top. The ballon evidence because balloons try to stay up as long as they can, if gas particles rise, that may be why the fall so slowly.
In soda they float all the way to the top from the bottom making him correct because that is what his drawing showcased.
When you blow into a ballon it being cramped into a space that it needs to stretch out to fit but our experiment is using a box.
If Sam takes a bottle of soda he could show that the gas particles are at the top. He could say that his drawing is like a bottle of soda, so it would look the same. 
He uses it by saying gas bubbles go up so the gas particles will go up.
He could use the one about soda.
Sam might say that gas bubbles float to the top and that you need to blow into the balloon for it to expand.
Like I said in the last question, the particles being the gas, floating to the top would be exactly Sam argument.
he could use it too explain that there kind of the same thing; they both float to the top, and there both gas.
Sam could use this evidence to prove his claim because he can say that the gas is in a box so it would make seance that the gas would flout to the top of the box. Just like a soda gas would in a soda bottle.
He might use Gas bubbles in soda float to the top and the one he drew is on top.
Sam would use the first piece of evidence to explain why he drew the gas particles on the top.
because the gas takes the bubbles to the top, and the gas is going to the top. 
it might go like soda.
Charlie explains the balloon as a case, but if you insert helium gas into the balloon the balloon will be floating in the air.That is like air going up. Then particles should float above in space.Like a gas bubbles in soda.
By giving an example of something related to this with gas.
Yes he can because of the subtance.
use soda for an example but don't drink it soda is gross and bad for your teeth.
The gas in the bubbles is moving up and not spreading around so this means that the gas in the box should go up and not spread out like Charlies claim.
to escape.
Since Gas bubbles float at the top in soda, they should do that everywhere. Meaning that after a minute the Gas bubbles will just rise.
they go to the top because there trying to come out just like a soda the particles inside want to come out that why when you open a soda the bubbles jump around(out).
he could say his bubbles are floating up like in a soda.
He could say that since gas particles in soda float to the top, the gas particles in a box will also move to the top.
That his is better than Charlie evidence.
that since the gas gets bigger it goes to the top instead of the middle.
Sam could use this evidence to support his claim that particles are all on the top because it proves that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
he can use the ""gas bubbles in soda float to the top"" claim.
The evidence he can use is the soda one.
He might use this example as evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top. It supports his reasoning very well. With the evidence stating that gas bubbles float to the top.
Show how the gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
balloons only blow out like that because of the shape. for example the ones used to make balloon dogs aren't blown out fully meaning the air particles go out to the top just like how they do in soda.
Sam could use this evidence by comparing gas molecules to gas bubbles in soda, and how they float to the top.
Sam might use the evidence provided to support the claim by stating that the air is denser than the gas particles so the gas particles would float up.
Sam will us the evidence that gas bubbles in soda flow to the top  to support his claim by stating that is gas bubbles in soda rise then air in a box will rise as well.
Sam could use this information to support his claim by saying that the gas particles in the soda float to the top and the gas particles in the balloon also stretch upwards, which is why the balloon expands.
He can say that since gas bubbles in soda it is probably the same in regular air as well.
Sam could use both evidence that his claim is correct because in soda gas particles float to the top and in the balloon, the gas particles also go up when being blown into.
Sam will use the evidence of gas bubble floating top the top and use soda as examples.
Because the particles go at the edge of the balloon.
He can back up his claim by giving it evidence by writing gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
Sam will use the evidence that the gas bubbles float to the top to help explain that all of the gas particles are at the top.
he can use the soda to help hi win the argument.
When you open up a soda and you hear the snap crackle pop is when they escaped. they first get traped in there and when some one wants to drink that drink the will open it and then the snap crackle pop is the gas particles escaped in the air.
because her drwaing shows that the partilces are up just the teacher said the particles of the soda go upp.
The gas in soda because the gas all rises to the top(but that is pressure).
He could explain how whenever you open a soda bottle the gas is always going to separate from the mixture by going up and escaping into the air.
If the box is filled with a liquid, then Sam would be correct because in soda gas bubbles float to the top.
he could says that the the gas is float to the top because the oxygen of the soda and the air needs to be equal so, it float to the top.
With the evidence that Sam used with sight that he could see that the gas bubbles are only going straight up like when you shake that soda all the gas bubbles set themselves on the top of the drink.
there not at the top.
Sam may use the first piece of evidence to prove that particles float to the top since the bubbles in soda float to the top.
The particles all go to the top but in some cases there are to many and they get pushed down.
He might recite what the teacher said.
Sam might compare how similar his claim to the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
I think he will use an anolgy.
Gas floating to the top.
He can use this piece of evidence because if he see all the bubbles in the soda float o top then he will or might be right.
Sam might use the evidence ""Gas bubbles float to the top"" as an example to support his claim and to prove that Charlie contrasting claim is incorrect due to this fact.
in a room thre particles stay near the ceiling and dont escape cause its a closed enclosure.
Yes, because the particle will settle up.
He used that because it like that what he think.
As stated, the gas particles rise in the soda, therefore, gas should rise up like it does in the soda.
Sam will use this evidence to prove that gas particles float up.
He might explain how gas bubbles in soda floats to the top just like how gas float to the top after one minute in a box.
If gas bubbles in a soda float to the top it is also like how the gas bubbles in the box float to the top to try and escape the box and how the bubbles in the soda are trying to escape the can.
When you blow into a balloon, you are pushing the air to the side. With soda there is no human interaction.
Sam thinks like the soda is the air and the soda gas is gas. That all the air will separate with the gas.
the balloon will float cause the gas is moving up.
Sam might use the bubble example to support his claim that the pritcles would rise as a form of evidence that particles, in this case the air in the bubbles, float to the top of their given space, in that case the bottle. 
Because air is a gas and even going in all the directions its still going up.
The bubbles are all at the top due to all the gas particles and liquid substances at the top.
In charlies drawing, it shows all the particles are on the top, which doesn't support that the particles bounce in all directions.
Sam is a man so he is always right. No evidence needed.
Sam can say that because gas bubbles in a soda float to the top, gas particles in the box also floats to the top.
As the can was opened, the gas particles floated to the top.
Sam might use any of the evidence because the gas can move apart and out at the same time.
He used the soda example.
Becauseof the gas.
He might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top to support his claim.
He can support his claim with his evidence because it proves his point.
That the particles are supposed to rise to the top.
The gas bubbles in the soda are at the top of the bottle, in a closed space. He can use this to support his claim because the box is also a closed space, same with the soda bottle or can.
Sam will use this evidence to tell how they react like that and relate it.
Sam will say that because gas floats to the top in soda, gas should also float to the top when inside of a box.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top just like how the particles in this one did.
He might state a comparison to the gas particles and the soda bubbles and how they both rise the top.
the particals move because of what makes it move.
he can say if you shake a soda the gas bubbles will go to the to.
i think he did something wrong.
I think he might use the same information I typed in the last page.
She can use this evidence to support her claim because in her drawing it says the the gas particle rises up. One piece of evidence that she can use is that the gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
He might say that the gas bubbles carry the particles up with them.
since they all started at the bottom, they will all end up at the top.
He might use it because it talks about how the gas floats up.
Sam might use this information because it will support his claim.
well, only the evidence given to him works.
he might state that if the soda gas particles can float to the top why would these be any diffrent then the soda particles.
Sam can use the evidence on how gas bubbles in soda float to the top, but in addition he can also say that in a balloon air particle go to the top also which is supporting his claim. 
He might say that because gas bubbles float to the top in a can , gas particles will do the same thing.
He would use the first piece of evidence to show how bubbles float to the top soda.
 Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because the gas bubbles in soda float to the top and because if a balloon grows bigger in all different places, it floats to the top too.
'- he can use the evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because it says  -GAS BUBBLES in soda FLOAT TO THE TOP-
Sam could say that gas bubbles in soda float to the top and when you blow air into a balloon, since it is going all directions, that means it is also going to the top.
sam think that like gas bubbles suger will go up.
Sam might use the soda bubbles for his claim.
He might have made a model to show how the gas bubbles float up in soda to support his claim.
Sam might have used the evidence that the teacher gave to support the claim that the gas particles rise to the top like a soda so he thought about a soda and how the particles would rise to the top.
Sam could use this evidence to support this claim by, explaining that the gas bubbles in soda float to the top, so why shouldn't the particles in the box.
Because all the bubbles are at the top. LIke how the gas in the soda is at the top.
the gas can change shape and move around.
Because in his drawing the bubbles rise to the top just like soda.
they can float to the top.
If soda particles float to the top these might too.
Because all his particles are at the top, instead spread out.
he could tell everyone that the gas particles float to the sides, like in the soda.
gas bubbles float to the top.
He might say that the particals are giong to rise to the surface.
Sam is saying that all the gas bubbles are going to rise to the top like the bubbles in soda do.
that when you open a soda gas goes on top.
The bubbles rise to the top to find air and not be stuck trying to bounce around in liquid, so they rise up to find air.
That the gas bubbles in soda rise to the top so his bubbles rise to the top.
Sam could use this as evidence to support his claim, because when you blow up a balloon, the gas particles float to the top, but then they fill up the top and fills in all the other gaps. 
In soda, the gas floats to the top of the soda. This means that gas floats up.
When you shake soda it goes upwards instead of going everywhere like it wants to get out.
The gas bubbles will float to the top creating fizz aka bubbles.
that gas goes up and out.
He can take a fast motion video to prove that the bubble float to the top.
He may use this evidence to show that all the gas particles rise to the top.
Sam might use the proof that the bubbles float to the top in soda to back up his claim. He could claim that because the bubbles in soda rise to the top, all gas particles will rise to the top. 
He would use the first piece of evidence and take it as an example/model of what would happen in his box.
It is an example of how his claim is true.
Sam could use both pieces of evidence to support his claim. The gas bubbles in a soda float to the top which is what he claimed. Balloons, when filled with a certain type of air, remain in the air instead of following the laws of gravity. This is the gas particles wanting to float to the top but they can't because they are trapped. 
Sam will use this evidence by saying that this evidence is an example of his claim. His drawing shows the particles going to the top and this evidence shows just that.
Sam believes that the particles would drift to the top, and since the gas particles in the soda flow to the top as well, this supports his claim. To then, further is claim he could use the soda scenario to show how the gas particle drift to the top in everyday scenarios. 
Gas particles like the ones in the box are also found in soda. Just like in soda, the gas particles would rise to the top of the container.
Sam would use the soda experiment/observation as an example that his claim is correct.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim of the gas particles going all the way up. The evidence is when the teacher said that gas bubbles float all the way up in sodas.
I think that Sam will use the argument of gas bubbles in soda floating to the top of soda because it is similar to his claim that the gas particles will rise to the top of the box. Sam will use this to support the claim he made because it closely relates to the situation that he is working with.
he might say that gas particles always go to the top and he might use the soda as an example to prove his point because the particles are the same, the only thing that has changed is the fact that there is water in the equation now.
he will say that similar to how gas bubbles move up in soda the gas bubbles will move up in the box.
Sam could say ""Gas always rises to the top because of gravity, and that is why balloons go up.""
That gas particles float to the top in a soda can, so they do in a box too.
He might say that since bubbles in soda float to the top that means the gas is going up.
if the gas bubbles in soda go to the top then so should the gas particles in the box.
In Soda the gas bubbles all float to the top, so the gas molecules probably do the same when they are not in soda.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. That means gas particles float to the top.
He might use this to compare the two to eachother, even though they are not completly the same sitution. 
That the gas bubbles in soda floats straight to the top.
He will use this to support his claim because gas particles are like gas bubbles and how they both float to the top means that the gas particles must float to the top.
Sam could say that when you just leave soda alone, like they left the box, the gas bubbles rise to the top by themselves. He could then say that when blowing air into a balloon, the gas particles are being assisted, and might only spread out everywhere because of the breath that you are blowing in.
The gas in a soda will float up just like the gas in a balloon will float up to make the balloon float.
He might use the evidence that soda particles float to the top.
He can use the evidence to support his claim. It helps him to have proof.
this evidence supports sam in this scenario because air wants to escape so it floats to the top.
Sam might use the evidence about the gas rising to the top in soda because his claim is about how gas will rise to the top.
Sam will use the gas bubbles because they prove his hypothesis is correct.
Sam might use this to try to tell the similarities between them and explain that he is right.
Sam would use the evidence to relate to his drawing as in both situations(the box and the soda) the gas is reacting the same.
Sam knows that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
He might make some type of experiment that can represent the process of a soda when it is opened.
Sam might use the evidence ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top,"" because his diagram shows that gas will float to the top.
Sam can use the first peice of information to support him because he thinks that the gas particles will rise.
He will use it in the way that soda bubbles float to the top.
Sam would show that Gas bubbles in soda rise to the top.
Sam might say that the reason the air goes in every direction in a balloon is because that your breath is the reason why the gas particles move like that.
Gas particles in soda float to the top, but not all of them. 
Sam would most likely support his claim with the example of a soda can. If the bubbles rise to the top in a soda can, then why wouldn't they rise to the top in a box?
Sam could say that since gas bubble float to the top in soda they float to the top anywhere.
Sam will use his teachers evidence about gas particles in soda going to the top.
Sam might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top because it agrees with his claim.
Sam could use this information to his advantage by comparing the box to the can of soda, and claiming that they will both rise. 
The gas can't change the shape of the container.
Sam could say that the particles are floating at the top, because they become lighter and lighter as they dissolve. 
He can use these pieces to help him because that means that particles do go to the top.
Sam may use molecules to the top as evidence due to his drawing being spread out.
When soda had gas bubbles, they go straight upwards, like the gas bubbles in Sam drawing.
Sams bubbles went up to the top like it does with soda, he represents this in his drawing. 
Sam believes that all as particles will rise to the top. The gas bubbles in soda float to the top and this strongly supports Sam claim.
Sam will say that gas bubbles in soda rise and the air you blow into a balloon isn't gas.
Sam could argue what he originally did with the idea that gas bubbles float to the top. He could also argue that in the case of the balloon, that the particles would go to the top, but the material of the balloon would make it expand in all directions. 
I think Sam will say that when gas bubbles enter a soda the bubbles will float to the top of the soda. He will say that because of the evidence that his teacher provided him with and if it was an argument say something like, ""I don't think your claim works Charlie, because the balloon is a different unique shape.
Sam could use the first piece of evidence. In his drawing, all the gas particles are at the top. This is similar to when you open a soda; all the gas bubbles head to the top and sometimes overflow.
Because they used a bolloon.
Pressure explains where they all go.
He will use this evidence by showing something that he knows to be true to help him strengthen his claim.
In soda the bubbles flout to the top.
sam would use the evidence to help him prove his point by saying the carbon in the soda is pushing all of the gas trapped in it to the top.
so that he is right.
Sam would use this evidence because if the gas bubbles float to the top, then gas bubbles must ALWAYS do that. 
he will say that in a soda all the bubbles go to the top.
he might put soda in a see through cup and show people for evidence.
the bubbles rise.
Sam could use the fact that gas bubbles float to the top of the soda can and say that that would happen in the box aswell.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. This means that when the gas particles are in the box, the particles eventually all float to the top.
Sam could say that because the gas floats to the top of soda, the air will rise to the top.
That  the particle are like gas bubbles.
When you put helium in a balloon, The balloon will start going up. And helium is a gas. 
He might say that since the gas bubbles are on bottom, gradually they'll float up just like in a soda.
When the as bubbles on the top, the gas bubbles are beginning to move on the top.
The bubbles in a soda rushes out to the area it was opened by.
Using the gas bubbles evidence, Sam claim is particles floating up, like the evidence.
Since gas bubbles in soda float to the top, then gas particles in a box would float to the top as well.
when you shake a bottle all the particles go on top and just stay there till the movement has no more movement.
He would tell us when the box runs out of air the gas particals floats to the top.
The gas particles float to the top because its trying to grow the box.
this evidence is the claim of that they go up when you open or do something.
SAM might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all in the top by using the teachers claim and use that of any of his evidence.
Sam will use a bunch of sodas and open them and when he does he will hear a noise and that will be the particles getting out of the bottle.
Sam could say that the soda bubbles float to the top of the bottle, thus the gas particles would do the same.
That since Gas bubbles can float to the top of a soda can, then so can particles in a box. Also, if particles in a box were to float around, then the box would get bigger, or float.
He will use the Soda evidence to explain how the gas particles float to the top.
Sam would say that particles would float since in soda, the gas particles float to the top just like in his diagram.
He might use the balloon evidence by saying the air goes around the sides of the balloon.
I think that Sam will use this evidence to support his claim because in his picture it shows that the bubbles have moved all the way to the top and that the bubbles in a soda move all the way to the top.
Blow the balloon would be evidence but not really gas bubbles in a soda/POP.
Gas particles like to jump in every direction, so when the bubbles want to float to the top, the gas particles are jumping around.
if the gas on the soda go up so the gas on the box will go up too.
by bribing the teacher.
the aif would fly over the plece, but they finilly go to thd top.
with pressure the gas in soda go up to the top.
Same would think that if the gas bubbles in the soda do float up then the particles in this container should float up.
The particles in a soda must act the same way the particles in a box does.
because they are going to the top and staying.
because that is what he  thinks.
Because it is an example on the picture he drew.
the heat is going down by slow.
the gas bubbles would go to the top because the gas in the soda is always floating at the top.
because all of the bubbles.
Because if the particles in the box act like they would in a soda, then the particles will all go up.
this was a gorilla type of survey sponsored  by gorilla glue and gorilla tape.
soda gas bubbles fly to the top,in sam notebook,that what the drawing looks like.
Sam would most likely use the evidence of that gas bubbles from soda float to the top as a way to support his claim that the particles float to the top, just like soda.
Sam can use this as his evidence because those types of particles are all clumped up together.
The fizzing after opening up a soda can is the gas particles meaning it has to be at the top if its gonna be fizzing that loud and you can hear it pretty well so it has to be at the top and if it were to be at the bottom or anywhere else you wouldn't hear it as well as you could it hear when the gas particles are at the top.
He could use this as his claim because gas from soda rise to the top so all gas should rise to the top.
 The gas bubbles are in soda and the carbonation  makes the bubbles float to the top and his picture in his notebook shows everything to explain, nut maybe he should label it to make it easier for people to understand.
Sam could use the evidence that gas bubbles float to the top in soda to support his claim. It supports it because if he states that gas goes up, gas going up in a soda can would be an example of gas particles going up, which helps his claim.
Sam might say that since bubbles are light, the gravity only affects them a little bit, not much.
He would say that the particles move in different directions to make it round then some particles would push the balloon up to make the tip of it.
The gas particles become spaced out when your blowing into a balloon,  but we are not blowing air into a box .
I think that he can use that the air of the soda is at the top is because it was the calcium out of the drink.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because when gas bubbles appear in soda they rise to the top, and when you blow air into a balloon, part of the gas particles go to the top.
He might use that Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. Only because that is what the claim states.
Sam evidence supports his claim because once you open a can of soda the bubbles then float to the top.
Sam can say the acidity in soda quickly goes up as the soda is poured out.
He will say they are all on top but many directions at the top.
Sam may use this as evidence in order to support his claim because the gas  rise in soda and should not be different if this was to take place elsewhere.
Sam may use the soda as his evidence because if the gases rose to the top then how would it expand the can.
You can see the gas bubbles appearing to the top of the soda when you first open the can.
Sam might use this evidence to show that the particles moved fast upwards because the pressure being released to the gas bubbles are fast and hot, causing lots of energy in the particles, moving them up.
sam might use his evidence that supports his drawing of the box because he would say that the box of gas particles is like a soda bottle all of the gas particles float to the top and don't stay on the bottom.
If the particles are able to go all different directions in the balloon, then it should be able to go to the top of the soda because the particle have no other place to go.
Sam could say that the gas particles will float to the top because gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
I think Sam might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because he knows that if the gas bubbles in soda float to the top, then his claim would probably be right.
Sam might write something like, "" when gas is on one end, and doesn't really have anywhere to go, it tends to move upward.""
Gas always floats to the top if air there is any empty air space. That why when soda bubbles float to the top of the bottle it because there is air space at the top.
She can claim that the balloon grows bigger because the gas is rising to the top of the balloon, stretching it out to make it bigger.
Since he drawing of the gas going to the top he can relate it to soda, once you open up a soda it right away floats to the top.
Sam could use the evidence about the soda because the soda gas particles are floating on top and Sam claim is that gas particles float on top. So the evidence can back up his claim.
Sam might use this evidence by saying that the bubbles just like the particles rise to the top. Also the balloon starts growing bigger from the top since all the particles hit the top of the balloon.
the air spreads.
his evidence is the soda bubbles, they rise up to the top.
He thinks that sense the gas in the can goes all the way to the top the gas particles are going to go to the top too.
He might use this evidence and might get it right but like its not in a soda can but a balloon it grows and that could be the right answer.
because it shows it.
He could use the bubble example since they both rise up fast and the gas and bubbles clump up at the top.
Sam might use the evidence to support his claim by putting a helium filled balloon inside a box.
When you blow into a balloon, the balloon isn't a perfect round shape, it is bigger at the top of the balloon. When gas is trapped and can be released, it will try to find a way to be released.
the gas in sodas float to the top therefore the gas particles are up at the top of the page.
Sam will say that balloons are growing bigger in all direction because they are blowing gases into the balloon. He will also use the information about soda to support his statement.
When a balloon is blown the air is trapped inside,but, when more air is blown inside the original air that was inside can get pushed up to the top.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because gas bubbles float to the top of a soda can once it is opened and this supports his claim in is diagram for the gas particles all floating to the top.
I think Sam will use the evidence ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top."" because it is the same evidence on what Sam did.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top, so in this case with the box, the same thing will happen.
Sam could use the evidence which states that gas bubbles in soda float to the top as his drawing represented gas bubbles moving to the top of an area after a minute.
Sam could use the example about soda because the gas in the soda floated to the top. Just like how Sam gas particles rose to the top of the area.
Sam could use both of the pieces of information because as I said before, the gas particles in soda float to the top like Sam drawing. The balloon information could support his claim by showing that the air is trying to float to the top but doesn't know where up is so goes in all directions.
Sam can use the evidence to prove his claim by stating the air that is in the box alongside the particles, and the air can be denser than the gas particles, so therefore, the gas particles would float up.
Sam drawing is similar to a soda bottle or can where the bubbles float to the top. He could also argue that the air in a balloon is pushing on the outside edges of the balloon to make it grow bigger.
Sam could state; In glasses of soda, bubbles , air particles , rise to the top. Therefore, if you replace the glass with the box the particles should float to the top again. Also, if you blown air into a balloon the gas particles could float to the edges of the balloon and push outward causing it to expand.
Sam may have used have used this evidence to support this claim because gas in a can moves to the top so therefore gas in this space must move to the top.
Sam can use the evidence about gas bubbles floating to the top of the soda to support his claim. This evidence can help him because it supports why particles should float to the top (move to the top) of any container.
He could use the evidence and say that since gas in soda goes up the gas in the container would also go up.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top by, using the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top. His claim and the evidence both state that gas bubbles go to the top.
Sam might use the statement that ""gas bubbles in soda float to the top"" to support his claim. This is the only of the two examples that shows how his statement could work. Having this example could also serve to explain why he believes his claim. 
Sam could use the evidence about the gas bubbles in soda floating to the top to support his claim because in his drawing, all the gas bubbles are at the top. The evidence about the balloon, however, wouldn't be very helpful to his claim.
When you blow up a balloon you, all the gas particles are packed together, which is why it is expanding. All the gas is trying to go upwards, but there is a lot of gas, so it has no where else to go.
The gas particles in the box rise to the top after a minute, similar to how gas bubbles in soda float to the top.  In both examples, the gas particles rise to the top.
Oh the gas in the balloon just go to the top and make it float! Cause that what soda do. says Sam. (purposeful use of incorrect grammar)  ""No, Just no."" the teacher says ""It would just make thee balloon look like a cloth on a stick.""
The particles in the box will float to the top because in soda, gas bubbles float to the top. This shows that when gas in less dense that what is around it, if will go to the top. 
The gas bubbles in soda float to the top and the gas particles in the box should too.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top by telling about how all the gas rises to the top of the soda.
Sam can really only use the fact that gas bubbles in soda float to the top, because if he used the other fact, that would go against his claim, and then he would be agreeing with Charlie. Gas bubbles in sodas float and gather at the top of the bottle like Sam drawing, so that would be his strongest piece of evidence he could use in his argument.
He will use the first set of evidence because like the soda he might be correct by saying that a the gas bubbles float to the top overtime.
I think Sam might use this evidence to support his reasoning because if the soda bubbles rise to the top of the glass in soda because of density, then there is no evidence that there might be another, more dense substance in the box which, because of density, would cause the gas particles to rise to the top of the box. 
Sam would use the evidence of gas bubbles in soda floating to the top to support his claim of the gas particles going to the top of the box.
Sam could use the first piece of information to say that if gas bubbles float to the top in a soda, then the same thing should happen in the box.
Sam caN USE THAT THE PARTICLES ARE EVENY SPACED.
Sam could use the first piece of information showing how the gas bubbles in soda work similarly to gas particles as they are both gas related.
Sam could use the first piece of evidence about bubbles floating to the top, and relate it to his claim about how gas particles rise to the top.
Sam might use the evidence ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top"" to show why the particles would move upward.
If there are gas particles in a less dense environment, the gas-particles float to the top.
The gas is at the top because in soda gas floats to the top too.
Sam could use the first piece of information the teacher provided to support his claim. Sam claim of all the gas molecules at the top of the container is the same as gas bubbles floating on top of soda.
Sam would use the evidence of the gas bubbles in soda because they rise up to the top just like in his claim.
Sam could use the fact that gas bubbles rise to the top of the soda as evidence to prove that the gas particles are at the top because the gas bubbles are floating to the top in both scenarios.
Sam will probably use the soda evidence to support his claim. That is, that his drawing is similar to the way the soda gas particles are located.
Sam could state the following.  Gas particles rise directly upwards.  In a bottle of soda, the gas bubbles move directly to the top.  These gas particles must rise directly upwards, so the particles in the example must do so as well.
The ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top"" supports Sam claim. Sam states that the gas particles go to the other side/top. The quote shows that the gas particles do float to the top. 
Sam can say that since gas bubbles float to the top in soda, the gas particles must float to the top as stated in his picture.
 Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top, by proving the similarities of this statement,""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top."" 
Since gas bubbles float to the top, Sam drawing showed molecules at the top.
Sam would use this to support his claim because gas bubbles float to the top in soda similar to his prediction and in a balloon the particles spread all different direction including the top.
Sam could argue that all gas particles go up because when there are gas bubbles in soda, they all go to the top. Concluding with his picture being correct.
Sam might use the soda evidence because it says gas particles just go upwards.
Sam used his logic to come to the conclusion all gas rises.
Sam could us the balloon evidence, because since balloons float, then that must mean the gases are pushing upward and since they push upward, then all the gases are up top.
Sam could use the fact that gas bubbles rise to the top as evidence to prove that gas particles rise to the top.
His picture shows thye gas at the top which is what really happens,when you get some soda you see little bubbles that make a sound and they even flout.
that the particles are gases bubbles floating to the top.
Since the gas bubbles in soda float to the top, the gas particles in the box will too.
the gases are trying to push the box open.
Sam might use the soda evidence because his drawing depicts the gas particles as bubbles in the soda, floating to the top.
Sam can use this information by stating how his claim was that gas particles float to the top of their contained space, and in a soda bottle all of the gas particles float up to the top.
because they act that way in soda.
he might use this soda example to say he right because when you open a soda gas comes out of it and it all goes to the top.
He might say that all gas particles just go up in one shape.
He could say, the air particles will all travel to the top. It is just like in soda. The bubbles rise to the top as well.  The gas wants be released and it is pressured to get out of the box.
good.
Sam could use the Gas bubble idea to support his claim. Gas bubbles are made up of particles. The gas bubbles float to the top of the can. So, the particles in the box will rise to the top also.
Sam will use the evidence given by his teacher to show that particles in any object or anything carbonated will all go to the top of that thing.C.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top when they are released from their airtight container.
He can use the soda example because it also rises to the top.
Sam could talk about how gas bubbles float to the top in a flat soda in his evidence. he could use this to support why he drew all the gas bubbles to the top.
He can use this by saying that gas bubbles float at the top of the soda.
Pop the can of the soda.
Sam thinks that the gas particles are in a drink, such as soda, making the particles go to the top.
that they all sray at the top because all are not at the top.
The picture shows that gas floats to the top which is the same thing that gas bubbles do in soda.
Sam could argue that a soda can is similar to a box of gas. If the gas bubbles float to the top in the soda, than that gas particles could do the same in a box of gas. 
Sam could use the example about soda, is the gas particles floating upwards, like gas bubbles in a can of soda.
Sam might use that gas bubbles float to the top because when you pour soda to a cup all the fuzz goes to the top.
Gas bubbles float to the top.
Sam might use this evidnce to support his claim that the particles are all at the top he might thinl they  are oxgen.
Same could say that when the gas particles of soda rise to the top, it will look like this.
gas float.
Sam might use the first piece of evidence, because it relates to gas particles and it states they float to the top.
he could pour some soda and watch the carbination float o the top.
He can support his claim saying that when you open any carbonated drinks the gas floats to the top.
sam might say something like oh my claim is correct because gas particles go to the top of the glass.
That gas particles want to be released so they go to the top to get out of an area. For example a soda can.
cause they evaporte.
because particles go to the ozone.
The best evidence is when we open bottle of soda all bubbles go top of bottle.
Sam might use the evidence to give example to support his claim in the best possible way.
The gas bubbles are like the gas particles.
Sam can try to explain that since particles and gas bubbles of soda are the same form of matter they will react the same way.
Sam says that since gas travels to the top of soda it must be the same for a box.
Particles move in the direction of going up.You can see when you open up a soda can.You can notice the bubbles and gas come out upward. which proves that particles move on the direction of going up.
How I think Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim is that gas particles do indeed go to the top in soda as they float. So he can prove that it will sometimes go up.
He might say that all gas bubbles in substances float to the top, based off of information. 
the gas would still be at the top at the end, but in the beginning, it would float to the top.
Sam can use both because because gas go up anyway.
sam can use the example with the soda with all the air bubbles at the top to show that all air bubbles go to the top.
Explain how the gas goes to fill in where it is like the carbonation goes to the top since that the only way to get out of the can.
Sam will use this to support his claim by showing what he drew and what gas bubbles do when placed in soda. He will say that gas bubbles float to the top in soda.
He will most likely use this evidence as an example to prove his point.
because soda bubbles float to the top just like his picture.
Sam might use his evidence to explain and show an example of how the soda bubbles float to the top just like how he thinks the gas particles will float to the top of the box after a minute.
that iin a can of soda the particles rise to the top and that in a baloon maybe they do too but its just appears that hey go to all directions.
Sam may use the evidence, ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top,"" in his argument because, like in his drawing the particles had been very close to the top end of his paper, meaning that the gas particles would have floated to the top. 
Air rises and in a beverage so if air rises and even in drinks it must mean air will rise if contained too.
Sam will use the soda evidence to support his claim since the thought the particles will rise.
Because the teacher said that gas bubbles in soda rise to the top.
the gas will float to the top just like in sugar.
Sam might use some of this information because it explains and says that the gas particles will stay on top and wont go in all directions.
Sam can say that when carbon is trapped in a enclosed air tight space, once the air tight space is released, the carbon atoms float to the top.
Sam might use this evidence by saying that just because they go in different directions the balloon will still blow out.
The gas particles in sodas floats to the top so the ones in the box will too.
Gas bubbles rise to the top of soda.
Sam would likely include the example of the soda because that one is the most like his drawing In his case he could mention the fact that the gas particles in soda rise, similar to the particles drawn in his example.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top, so the gas particles will float  on the top too. 
Sam will use the evidence of gas bubbles floating to the top to show how gas rises to one part.
When you blow air into a balloon it also goes to the top.
Sam evidence is that. idk.
Well Gas bubbles in soda float up why not gas in a box.
The gas bubbles float to the top. And so does the particles to Sam. That means his answer was right.
because he right.
the gas bubbles rose in his.
He might restate that the bubbles float to the top.
Sam might say that the gas particles will float to the top like in a soda and it won't go in all directions because the box can't grow bigger.
Sam could say that the soda shows that he is correct, because the gas in the soda floats to the top, just like he showed in his picture.  He could also argue that because the balloon grows bigger in all directions, that means there are particles floating to the top.
Sam could say that since the gas bubbles in soda will float to the top, that the gas particles in the box will float to the top as well. 
he might say that when you open up a soda all of the bubbles are at the top not all around the soda.
By showing it with a soda can.
Cause in a soda the gas goes to the top of the can.
I think the why he can x.
He will say that since his particles are gas particles and gas bubbles float to the top it will be the same for gas particles.
In his claim, he said that gas particles will float to the top of the box. Gas bubbles in soda float to the top so he thinks that what gas particles do after a minute.
He will use it to prove himself right.
Gas will rise to the top, like how gas bubbles rise in soda. The gas bubbles can prove how the particles rise (In the viewpoint of Sam).
Same evidence as in last part.
For example, when you shake the soda bottle all of the gas bubbles move to the top.
Sam might say ""The soda has gas in it when you open the can all the bubbles rise to the top, the same with the gas in the box.""
he might try to put that weird brain of his to work again.
all gas floats to the top.
Sam might use some of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top, by knowing that the gas bubbles in a soda float to the top of the bottle. Just like in his drawing all the gas particles are at the top.
Sam thinking of soda when you open it, the gas would push the particles to the top. When you shake the bottle you could see the gas inside pushing the particles around the bottle.
gas always moves up.
He could use this by saying the air in the balloons make the balloons float up. And that the gas floats all the way to the top.
Just like how soda gas bubbles float to the top, His picture show that the gas floats to the top. that one piece of evidence that gas particles float to the top. 
the gas particals in a ballon go up which it flyes away.
When the balloon expands , the gas particles don't stay still, and as shown in Sam notebook they rise. This rise of these particles can be the reason of the expansion of a balloon. 
Sam might use this evidence by saying something like this.""My claim is that the gas particles will float to the top after one minute because, as my teacher explainded that gas bubbles in soda float to the top, just like gas particles will float to the top f the box."" 
Sam will use the first piece of evidence regarding gas bubbles in soda floating to the top. He will use this piece of evidence because the way the teacher explains the gas particles' movement in that situation is the same as how the gas particles have moved in Sam diagram.
sam might say in sod the bubbles go to the top then he might explain how that is similar to his theory about the box.
sam says the particles float up.
because gas bubble s are almost same to the particles they go to the top just like sams claim.
Sam could say something like this,gas particles travel upward because they have air bubbles that bring pockets of air up in gas particles.
Sam might use this evidence to re-think his argument.
Sam can use the the ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top"" evidence since he thinks that the gas particles in the box rise to the top of the box.
This evidence can help out Sam because all gases move to the top.
the particles go up just like a soda.
idk how to break it to him.
How I think that Sam might use this claim is that he will say, when you open a soda you can see the gas bubbles float up cause they want to try to get out of the space 
Sam would use the first piece of evidence that all the gas bubbles in soda float to the top because, theoretically, the bubbles in the container should do the same thint.
Sam might say that both the soda and the box have gas particles in them, so the particles would react the same way in either place. 
I believe Sam would say the gas particles would rise to the top of the bx because according to the teacher, gas in a soda floats to the top.
Sam might use this evidence to support this claim: ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top.""
Because gas rises.
because carbonation goes up.
Sam can use the fact that when gas bubbles in soda float, they go to the top. He can claim that this will also happen with the gas particles in the experiment.
 ""When you blow air into a balloon, the balloon grows bigger in all directions, but that only happening when the object you are putting air in is move-able,""  Sam argued.
Sam can claim that gas bubbles float to the top in at least one form of gas he can draw diagrams to prove his claim is correct.
A good example is global warming. A explosion.
Sam might use this because he would as that they grow bigger in all directions he might say that because its not clustered up in a single direction his is correct and he could also use the bubbles float in soda float to the top because its in uniform order at the top.
Sam might compare the evidence about the bubbles rising in soda to his claim that the particles rise to the top.
he could say that the balloons floats because all the helium gas floats up to the top of the balloon causing it to float and that the soda gas bubbles float because of a lower amount of oxygen in the bottle and all that gas.
Sam might revisit the soda to prove that gas rises all together ans soda is just one example of this happening in the real world so that means that in all the gas will rise together and not spread out.
because when you pour a cup of soda all the bubbles rise to the top.
the balloon floats up when you use helium.
he would use this evidence and explain that gas floats to the top of the box because gas floats and goes to the top of whatever its contained in.
because when you open a soda the particles inside will float up gust like his claim said.
Sam might say that balloons float to the top which means that the gas particle might be going up as well.
Sam could use the evidence to support his claim because The teacher said that gas bubbles float to the top in soda which is what Sam drew in his notebook.
He could use this evidence about the gas bubbles from soda to explain why the particles went up at the same speed.
i think he will say that in a soda bubbles float to the top like particles.
hell use that gas bubbles float to the top because thats what happened in his picture.
Sam could say "" since bubbles in a soda float to the top then the gas particles in a box must also float up."" 
according to gas bubbles they float to the top so he can use that.
so if the bubbles in carbonated soda float to the top, all gases float to the top too.
sam could say that soda floats to the top so why cant gas particles do so.
Sam might use this info that his teacher gave him, by arguing that air particles float to the top, instead of being spread out. 
They are all at the top and they are very high up in the sky and they all really loved it and some of the kids will all see in their birthday parties.
because GAS bubbles float to the top.
When the teacher has not mentioned what type of gas it is in my head I imagined soda.
Say/write what he believes happens to gas for a minute, then say your evidence  REALITY OF SITUATION Different gasses react in different situations.
His example is about soda.
He'd probable say what I said previously about the bubbles floating to the top. He might also say something about the balloon rising or something and make a weak claim that it because the air is rising or something.
sam might you use any of the evidece because it does support his claim.
I believe this because when you have a soda bottle the gas bubbles float to the top.
Because the effects of both could have possibly happened the same.
The gas is different than the one used in the balloon and the container is different.
because of the soda bubbles.
gas bubbles go up.
Sam might use the evidence that the balloon might be filled wiht air not gas so it would be irrelevent to the topic.
Sam can use the evidence to support his claim because he can say that gas bubbles floating to the top because the air and gas particles are stuck inside it and are rising just as if it were being done in a room.
He might use that gas bubbles move to the top in soda so the particles in the box should to.
The gas bubbles float to the top when soda is poured into a cup. The same with gas particles, after a minuet the particles will rise to the top. 
Sam might use this evidence to help his claim because he thinks that all the gas particles go to the top so he might say that just like a soda all the gas particles go to the top.
gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
Sam might use the evidence to support his claim because the bubbles start from the bottom of the container and flow to the top like how they were at the bottom.
Since gas is lighter and what the teacher said that the gas bubbles float to the top, water is denser and heavier, and the bubbles will try to float. It also depends on the type of gas you use. Helium which is lighter than air itself will float.
Sam could say that just like how gas bubbles float to the top, the particles in the box all float to the top as well.
Sam thinks that the particles will float up to the top like bubbles in a soda.
just like soda air floats to the top well the same goes for balloons because when you blow the air into the balloon it goes to the top to make the balloon bigger.
because the teacher told him what the particles might be.
The gas bubbles in the soda can make a fizz that only stays at the top of the can.  So, maybe Sam could do an experiment supporting his claim.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because according to the teacher the soda bubbles go up to the top and the soda bubbles are gas.
Since soda has air, why wouldn't it work normally.
The gas goes up.
Sam could use this evidence because it shows what they believe.
The bubbles in soda go to the top, which means gas particles do too.
Sam used this evidence cause the particles are cold.
The teacher helps Sam by telling him that bubbles in soda float to the top. So Sam thinks that his claim is correct.
Sam might use the evidence where gas bubbles in soda float to the top, because that would be the same thing that he drew on his notebook. Sam said that all of the gas particles will stay together and only move, or float up to the top, while the teacher said that the gas particles in a soda will float to the top.
He uses that gas bubbles in soda float to the top since his picture explains exactly what is happening.
He would say just like the soda  all particles go up.
Sam evidence was when you open a soda bottle the gas in it floats up.
He used the evidence that the bubbles in the soda float up to draw the particles floating up.
He might say that when you open a soda it goes up. But you have to blow the gas.
Sam is correct because the gas particles float to the top: Gas particles float to top.
Since Sam claim said that the gas particles were at the top, then the evidence he would use is what matches his claim.
His Claim is right if it is soda.
Sam might use the evidence that the gas bubbles in soda float to the top so they can evaporate.
Soda bubbles float to the top, so gas particles would go up too.
Sam might analogize that the box is the cup and the bubbles are the gas particles.
Sam might use the first piece of information to explain his drawing where all the gas particles spread to the top. By using the part of the statement that says that the bubbles in the soda float to the top, he could argue that the gas particles went to the top in the same way.
Sam might use this evidence to explain, that similar to the bubbles in a soda can, which flow up when they are shaken. This is what Sam claims, which was in her drawing.
Sam could use both pieces of evidence to support his claim that the particles are at top. The particles inside, a balloon are gas particles, and they go in all directions, which includes the top. Whereas, the gas bubbles are also gas particles which float to the top. This matches with Sam model, as he ""drew"" the particles near the top.
Sam will use, the teacher example of the gas bubbles in soda floating to the top. This is because this correspondents with his claim, the gas particles float to the top.   
Sam might use the ""Gas bubbles in the soda float to the top"" information in order to support his claim because if the gas in the soda floats to the top, the gas in the box will float to the top too.
Sam used the first evidence because he claimed that the gas particles will float up to the top near each other.
When you open up a soda can, the gas bubbles come all the way to the top. This is similar to his picture because it also represents the gas molecules going to the top.
Sam uses the evidence that the gas bubbles in soda float to the top because in his claim he said that the particles went up.
Also, the balloon gets bigger on top, so that also shows gas going up. Sodas, gas also moves  upward.
The air in the balloon might float to the top and expand the top of the box a little while the other sides are still the same.
He might use this information by relating the diagram to the example.
Sam drew that all the gas particles floated to the top. The teacher stated that gas bubbles in soda float to the top. This correlates with what Sam thinks, only instead of a soda can, they're just in a box. 
Sam can say that the image of the particles at the top of the box represent the bubbles at the top of the soda.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim by saying that soda bubbles rise up to the top.
Sam could argue that the gas is inside of soda. If not, however, he doesn't have any evidence.
Sam could use this evidence to support his claim because when you blow out the particles go to the top.
Sam could've used this information to say that the gas molecules were the ones in the soda because they float up.
Sam would use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top because he showed that the gas particle floated to the top of the container.
The gas bubbles in soda float to the top and so did the gas particles he drew.
Sam will use the first piece of evidence because he claimed the particles are going to the top and are compact.
Sam might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float up to the top. He might use this because gas bubbles in a soda will float to the top when they are shaken or air is let in.
The gas will flout because the gas is lightweight or maybe it warmer.
Sam could use the gas bubbles floating to the top because his gases floated twords the top of the box.
That when you blow on them then they will move to the top because they are in liquid. Both evidence could support his claim.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top since the gas bubbles float to the top in soda.
Sam would argue that there would already be a fluid in the container, and that it would be more dense than the air bubbles forcing the bubbles upward.
He can use the bubbles floating to the sodas top to prove the air is trying to escape.
He might uses the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top so the gas particles will go to the top of the box too.
That gas goes up.
Sam will try to prove his claim by experimenting and doing research with soda.
the gas bubble in soda float to the top so the gas bubbles in a box could float to the top as well. also when you blow up a balloon the gas particles could go to the edges of the balloon to make it expand outward.
beacaues gas goes up cause it has air.
I think that Sam will use the point of bubbles floating to the top in a soda to support his diagram.
will she is smart.
Yes, the gas bubble in the soda float to the top.
Sam could use this in his evidence by saying that particles always rise to the top,like a soda can.
The soda bubbles went to the top.
Because of the soda.
Sam can use the evidence of the balloon as well because as a balloon grows bigger when you blow it, the particles go up, which causes it to grow up and bigger.
Sam can use the evidence that gas bubbles float up to the top of the soda when it open.
The particles will act like the soda.
Sam might use the evidence to support his saying that the gas particles in soda float to the very top. He might use it in a paragraph or essay.
because his teacher said that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
I think Sam will use this evidence like this, Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. This proves that gas particles go together and rise to the top of any container they are in. 
it can save his claim by making it right.
he could say the teacher was his source.
that maybe he will think that the particles will make the sugar go down.
sam used a lot of evidende and he is explainning how it affects it.
sam might use this evidence to support his claim because the gas bubbles float to the top.
Sam may be able to use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to top and say that my claim is correct because in my drawing all the particles are on the top.
Since in soda gas particles go up, so can the gas particles in the box.
Sam is not correct because they would not go to the top.
he will say that since there gas bubbles they floated to the top.
For example, when you shake a bottle of soda, gas bubbles in the soda float to the top. 
Sam could say that gas bubbles in soda will rise because it is less dense than the material surrounding it, which is soda.  This supports Sam claim that gas bubbles will rise to the top after 1 minute because the gas particle might be less dense than it surrounding environment, and therefore will rise to the top.
Sam can use the soda evidence because it supports his claim of gas rising upwards to the ceiling.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top. This is perfect to use as evidence to back up Sam drawing claim thing. It exactly what they're talking about.
Sam is right because Charlies is correct already.
Sam might use any of his evidence to support his claim because the with soda the fizz will push the particles out like if it wants to explode.
the gas cauases a reaction for the bubbles to go up.
Sam would use the gas bubbles evidence to show that the particles are not spaced out.
Sam might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
Sam would use the bubbles float to the top by saying that all gas particles are like gas bubbles, and go to the top.
Gas particles can float the air up the sky because when you put baking soda and vinegar, it fizzle to make gas.
the particles rise like gas bubbles.
Gas bubble in soda will definitely float to the top if it was contained of gas. Sam might say that, the gas in the bubbles help them float upwards the top. When one minute passes, the gas particles will soon float to the top. This is because the gas is causing movement.
Because of the carbonation in the soda that forms gas bubbles to rise to the top.
Sam might use the evidence to show how all the particles are moving together at the top.
gas from soda raises to the top just like how they are in this box.
she might thiink that the particals are the bubbles that flot to the top.
sam  bubble are on the  top.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim by saying  gas bubbles in soda float to the top just like these gas bubbles.
He might say that this type of gas is found in soda.
gas particles will go to the top of the box because in a soda bottle the gas bubbles float to the top .
Sam might use this information because the particles got bigger and floated.
Sam will use the evidence that gas bubbles float to the top in soda as this almost mirrors his explanation of how particles float to the top of a container. He will relate the gas bubbles to the gas particles by saying that they both act in a similar way as they are both gases.
The sugar particles float to the top because the water was evaporating and the sugar moved up.
because when you blow air they are not gas bubbles in your air i dont think.But in the soda the gas bubbles rise.
Because the gas bubbles will float on the top when you shake a soda can.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because the gas bubbles in soda will float to the top, and the gas bubbles are basically gas particles so it will go to the top too.
Because she drew that the gas particles rise all the way to the top, just like the teacher explained.
she could use this evidence by say that the gas rises.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim because his illustration matches the description of gas bubbles floating to the top of the soda can.
Sam can use his evidence to support his claim by saying after one minute the gas particles goes to the top, just like when gas bubbles in soda go to the top.                             
it can support his claim because it relates to his answer.
He could maybe use it to explain how when you open up soda the gas particles rise to the top.  Therefore, maybe after one minute the gas particles will rise to the top when the box is opened.
When you shake a soda all of its gas particles rise up to the lid so its the same for the gas particles in the box.
Sam could use this example of soda gas bubbles to support his claim by making a comparison on what where the air bubbles go and what the gas particles do in a minute.
He could use gas bubbles float to the top in soda.
because he can use the evidence to support his claim.
Sam might use the evidence stated above by his teacher. The teacher also didn't say that he was wrong.
because it important.
the bolle foot to the top.
He might say that if the gas bubble go to the top so do the gas particles.
he might use it to support his claim.
Gas bubbles in soda float to the top so bubbles in gas float in the top too.
he could say that in his drawings he was drawing soda bubbles that are floating to the top.
Sam can use this evidence that the teacher gave him because it includes how the gas makes the bubbles go to the top.
The soda has gas bubbles that rise to the top when they are being left in a bottle.
He might use the evidence that hot air balloon particle goes up because there is  a high temp inside the balloon.
Now, Sam knows that in soda, gas particles also rise to the top, so he knows that his claim is correct because he has this evidence. 
still confused?
because the air particles evaporate.
I think that Sam might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top to support his claim.
that when particles have less mass they go up.
Both the information shown can  help support Charlie claim is because his claim shows that hi gas particles are going up top, and how some of his gas particles are going in different directions so that can help support his claim by both evidence.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim because he needs evidence to support his claim.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim to show that the drawing of particles can be used as evidence of the fact that gas bubbles in soda move to the top.
He can use his evidence to prove what particles will do in a soda bottle.
Sam can use this to support his evidence because when the soda bubbles float up to the top the gas particles can do that to like the bubbles in a soda can.
His evidence showed that because gas is lighter than a liquid, the gas will reach the top over an elapsed period of time.
Since the gas bubbles go up, that means that the particles should move up too. But the only problem here is that gas bubbles in soda go up right away, but they are talking about one minute later. But y that time, the gas particles in soda mostly disappear. 
Gas particles get to the top because they are lighter than the other particles in a soda bottle.
Sam can use that evidence cause it still supports his claim.
because he put them all at the top.
Sam could use this to support his claim by saying that the gas bubbles in the soda are going to the top, so his diagram is correct.
He can imagine that the box is a soda can and the dots are the gas bubbles which come up when you open the soda can. So he can say that the gas particles move up .
I think that sam might use this evidence because in some air or gas particles flow up to float in the air.
Sam might say that "" My claim is correct because, based on the data, my teacher said, ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top"". This is similar to what I drew.""
I think Sam is saying that the little particles float up because the air takes it up since the air evaporates to the clouds.
Sam would say that the gas bubbles rise to the top of soda so the gas will always rise not spread out.
Sam might use the ""Gas bubbles in soda float to the top."" evidence because his picture shows particles rising up after a minute, proving that his picture is correct. I don't think he'll use the other evidence to support his claim because it doesn't show what Sam picture shows. 
Sam claim is that the particles are all grouped together at the top of the box. The evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top is similar to what Sam thinks is happening to the gas particles in the box. This evidence shows that since the gas bubbles in soda rise up to the top, the gas particles in the box may do the same.
Sam might say that the evidence supports his claim because if the gas bubbles float to the top, the particles will also. His model shows that the particles are at the top.
I think Sam might use this evidence to support his claim by saying, he gas bubbles are at the top in a soda like in his diagram on the gas particles in a box, using the evidence,""Gas bubbles in a soda float to the top.""
Since his claim is that particles will stay on the top, he can use the evidence ""Gas bubbles stay on top"" because that situation proves that his statement is correct. In his picture, it shows that all the particles move from the bottom to the top. In soda that gas particles that fizz are always on the top.
Sam might use this evidence by saying that gas particles all float up in soda so they must do the same thing in air.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top because in the soda scenario all the gas bubbles in the soda floated to the top.
That  the the box is enlarging.
I think Sam can use this evidence because he drew the gas particles at the top already, but he could use the balloon evidence too. He might think that after a while the gas particles float to the top of the balloon.
because soda particles flow up to the top maybe these particles will too.
sam will use the bottle evidence to support his claim because his model is closest to the bottle evidence and sam will say that if the box was a bottle and the molecules were air bubbles the bubbles would go up to the top of the box.
In his picture all the gas particles went up.
He will use the evidence that the teacher said.
the gas particles in the soda would rise to the top. would support the claim that gas particles in the box would rise to the top.
He could use the evidence to say that the bubbles float to the top so the particles are on the top.
I think Sam will use it to support his claim and to prove wrong the other answers.
The gas particles go to the top, like in soda.
Sam might use any of this evidence to support his claim because if gas bubbles rise so do particles.
It might support his claim because his diagram might be about how the gas particles inside a soda move and how they rise.
The gas particles inside the bubble rise to the top of the container because gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
cause he had all the particales to the top and then they had moved little by litte.
I think Sam might think gas bubbles in soda float to the top and the box and soda both have gas particles in them so they will both float to the top.
He might use the evidence that 'Gas bubble float to the top', and it means that everything would go up at the same time.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim because gas bubbles in soda float to the top, just like his particles did.
Sam might use this information as evidece in his argument.
Sam might the gas bubbles in soda float to the top evidence to support his claim that the particles are all at the top.
When gas bubbles in soda float to the top, Sam can use this evidence to support his claim by saying that if gas bubbles in soda can float to the very top, then gas particles can too because they are practically the same the thing.
Sam might use this evidence to support his claim because gas particles in a soda float to the top just like they did in his notebook.
He might use the soda statement to say my particles will rise too.
Sam might use this to support his claim by saying that the soda particles floated on the top.
He might say that the particle are the gas bubbles in a soda cup.
Sam might use the fact that gas bubbles in soda float to the top.
Sam can use any of this evidence to support his claim because his claim was that gas particles are all at the top, and some particles in an air balloon also go to the top.
He can observe the gas particles in a soda.
The first piece of evidence.
Sam might use the evidence that gas bubbles in soda float to the top because in his drawing, it shows all the particles at the top. 
Sam might use this as his evidence to support his claim because he argues that the gas particles will float to the top. Well, that is the same thing happening in the soda bottle with the bubbles since the bubbles is air.
Sam might use any evidence by saying that because when you blow air into a balloon, the air goes everywhere, it could all go the the top, and in soda, gas particles go up.
because it bubbles in a soda so it went to the top.
because the teacher said that the soda particles floated to the top.
